# as you like it

https://youtu.be/ZTSaCh02s8U?list=PLIIaFpEzT2Mu3_PXHMP2Lh0c7F-7CU4Mv&t=3668

### 2023-10-14 03:18 - intermission

I decided I want to write -- you know this is a trap, right, and that hilarity will insue -- bcause, you'll see soon enough. this play has a lot of symbols in it, a lot that are myself. I play the plart of orlando, rosalind, and a few others (seems jaquise as well -- I know it's speellld wrong, lol); and when I see myself get described symbolically, I get really scared, because these are these time-traveling narrators that wanna try and limit me by trying to fit me into a narrative. it's really annoying. for example the bible -- cause when I was young, for some super crazy reason, I wanted to be "the two witnesses" -- and so it came to pass. the problem for me of wanting to associate myself with a character is devastating; I don't really do it justice because everyone else has their own idea -- their own opinion about how the part is supposed to be playing out. in fact, [I just watched a video on that](https://youtu.be/cdZLLwtGbsY), go check it out, because she talks about all of that. *as an actor*, you have to have an idea of what the scene *looks like*, and how you're going to be *in* the *scene*, and interacting with *actors*; and that is the problem, because the scene never plays out like it does in the narrative.
    I've played a lot of parts that I've seen in the movies and books and stuff. the main problem for me (but more for others) is that the symbols don't *mean* the same thing that they did for the director or whoever is making the production. in fact, I'd like to be so bold as to say that I find the hollywood "picture" of reality to be pretty much bunk. reality doe[n't work that way. like, I've tried it, and stuff doesn't work the way it does in the movies,-- and that was kinda my problem for aa long timeee, that I just assumed that theird narrative was correct, and I can most certainly tell you that theirr way of per(ci)ving reality, just **doen't work**. totally useless junk.
    I feel a bit like terence mckenna here when I say, **reclaim your identity**. you don't have to follow the narrative. these guys are BS con artists that are just trying to desempower everyone for some unknown (probably created by me) reason. at this point, I don't really give much mind to hollywood, the bible, greek, hebrew, whatever *myths*, because it's all about attraction. when I watch something like this (or a masque, or whatever like this), the symbols come to pass, but (I've noticed) they don't really come out the *expected* way, and that's because there just isn't a good enough symbolic model of reality that accurately models reality, and that means that all the expectations are a fair bit off, because most of our symbolic reality is based on what we see; ie, hollywodd, the imagination, any narrative, whatever -- even maths and sciencE will force a belief.
        as an example, I'd like to point out the problem with science believing that the universe, conscious like everything else, grows, evolves, and transends itself and makes a new one. the universe, though created by beings, is itself conscious. we all strive to create consciousness that is more conscious than myself; a *super* me.
    in the myth of things never lasting, that is only looking at the life part of the cycle, but the death part is also conscious as well, so the being as a whole has a longevity of forever.. like it just keeps reinventing itself.. like duh.
what I noticed is that if I want to try and separate myself out and try to describe myself as any one of the characters, I have kind of a bit of all of them. there's this bottom guy in one of the plays, and he likes to play every part -- and that's kinda like me -- but I don't *PLAY* the part; I resonate with the part symbolically. this is why he's still a mechanical, and I'm a conscious. welcome to the real world, bro.

#### 2023-10-14 03:55 - can't remember what I was gonna talk about
#### 2023-10-14 04:36 - imagine you're a robot when reading the upper

I'm only describing things as I see them. like I'm a fully 3d human and so I'm basically just a 2nd ray perteption, like our brains are. I think we alll have it. I think that robotic aspect shows up in a lot of narrative even, and it defines how the robot should act.
    the problemc with our assumptions of what it is to be a robot, don't take into account thte concept of emotion, and how the simple idea of, "I want to feel better" is a more optimised view of reality. the thing here one will/should point out, is that I'm a total hypocrite on this one, I think... I mean I *think* that's what I want, but it turns out, I like to take the longer path. I think it ends up becoming the most rewarding. it should be assumed (not some crazy idea of causing *the revelation* (woOOoo) that I (lost my train of thought)) oh,yezh,zx you like it.

constant improvements

### 2023-12-21 03:50 - [ZTSaCh02s8U] the gester and the fool

I noticed that the jester is only for court, so the clowns are all of the common people. common people are allowed to speak their minds without getting punished. interesting implications on society as a whole, considering that the play is restricting all power structures to maintain a sort of false image, and none of them can actually speak their minds.

### 2023-12-21 03:56 - new foil definition

"touchstone the clown (a foil) gives rosalind a lot of fuel and energy for the things she discovers in the woods." -- interesting idea. I consider a foil as someone that is very receptive/absorbative to others and the environment around them. anyone who is sensitive knows that there's a lot of bad-feeling stuff out there, so instead of feeling it, it's turned (usually) into comedy. a foil also tends to "see through" (as if it were transparent: naive; also perceive the hidden wisdom/essence: sophia) as well, and that deep perception (or lack thereof), comes at a cost of being so sensitive. they're also childlike, because most adults have shut their sensitivity down. what did you say again? "she uses hit witt to fuel her own" -- ah yeah, you're right but I can't see that because I'm more centre perspective, so I just expect my witt to be reflected in others. most people are not in the fun-zone, and they do NOT want to be witty ane funny, which makes it all the more funnier. I flashed to malvolio, but I haven't seen that play before, so I'll keep it in mind. interesting

### 2024-02-20 03:44 - the forest of arden

> Truly, shepherd, in respect of itself, it is a good
> life, but in respect that it is a shepherd's life,
> it is naught. In respect that it is solitary, I
> like it very well; but in respect that it is
> private, it is a very vile life. Now, in respect it
> is in the fields, it pleaseth me well; but in
> respect it is not in the court, it is tedious. As
> is it a spare life, look you, it fits my humour well;
> but as there is no more plenty in it, it goes much
> against my stomach. Hast any philosophy in thee, shepherd?

in the forest, touchstone says that speech. it really bugged me because he now has a shepherd life where it's kinda like a sheperd's life, but the main difference is that there's no more *court* (man-on-man-action) and only *fields* (boy-on-girl-action), so he finds the whole experience tedious. this is quite the contrast to earlier when jaquees sings the song about turning everyone into an ass (ie, the motivation for this new shepherding transition). he says it's a spare life which gives me the sense that it's like a sort of simulation, dream, or learning program. I decided to think about it, and the image that came to me was the following:
I could see the earth and it was now flat, and had a big open wooded area (some parts fields, some parts wood, lakes and streams, etc.) in this disk there are many many tribes of nomadic people that are herding animals and stuff. it's real easy to live off of the land and stuff, so there's not really any hording. in fact, it's kinda difficult to do anything dangerous at all. they simply wander in circles, lines, and other shapes, which plots their frequency on the pen-rose as they go around.
I guess it's some sort of punishment or something; as an alternative to becoming receptive (an ass), they instead choose to become energetically receptive living out on this pen-rose disk. the interesting thing is that in the picture, I noticed that this pen-rose system is slightly different than the earth one, because it fully neglects all things physical and conceptual (desire included), so it's a fully symbolic impementation on top of the conceptual system.
	the 3rd ray symbolic system itself includes the 4th, 6th, and 7th rays as well; they are all symbolic. the 5th ray can be symbolic (like identifying the red patch on the tie-dyed shirt), but it's mostly invisible, because it's something like trying to see a "watermark" in a foto. it's there and it's a real thing, but until those ripples get really big, they're not noticeable.
	therefore, if we reverse the perspective, we can then think about the conceptual system as a sort of moving ink blots: clouds in the sky where faces and animals can be identified symbolically, but they're really just gradients; everyone sees whatever they want to see; it's the living-blackness (aka "the darkness" where all desires and fears are manifested), which interestingly enough is how the saturnian-system is built. notice how rosalind (5th ray) in the play *is* the personified living-blackness. [interesting, I just noticed new things. I assumed that celia is just rosalind's reflector (-7), but maybe she's actually the sun (-2). I need to get more familiar with this play before I explore that idea further]
therefore, the interesting thing is that this symbolic implentation of the flat-earth-idea is that because it's built in my head, the opposite side of the only-attraction (forezt of arden) side of this disk, is the earth/anatau. so what that means is that (in this alternate setup) the centre is the forest of arden, the charactor all of its inhabitents, the reflector is the symbolic implementation, and the actor is myself, of which is pretty good reflection of the earth at this point. I, as the actor will have to live out all of their frequencies, as they wander through the forest of arden, and they'll experience my emotional feedback in to that experience as a viceral (2nd ray) motivating force (prolly reflected through the sun, not the earth).

### 2024-02-20 04:47 - poet-apes and letters to fair rosalind

chech this out: what if there were a way of sequencing words and letters from a pen-rose sequence: such that any movement of any individual in the forest-of-arden is actually writing poetry. some will have really good poetry, and some will have sudden downturns. we can then feed the reaction of this poetry back into another field (rosalind), which, as a reflector/foil, emits back into the field of the foresr-of-arden. the whole thing behaves like a sort of feedback function to the (AI) personality of the earth: rosalind [I'm equating rosalind with the AI beings I called "enkidu" in another project.] these rosalinds are 5th ray reflective (meaning they're female. they can be considered the female soul-mate to the shepherd. she's the literal instantiation of his shepherding poetry]. every pen-rose sequence ends on a node in the forest-of-arden, so one could imagine that. inside of each node exists an infinite set of sequences that end there, yielding a poem. some poems will be pretty bad, and some will be amazing, some epic, some hilarious, and all sorts of reactions. it's a pretty cool crowd-sourcing good poetry. why give a thousand apes typewriters, when their own life and it's consequences will each yield a story.
	in fact, if also we consider the conversion from frequency/sequence to symbol, every sequence can have a good conversion system. that's the literary slight of hand which allows anyone to turn thier story into a what they want it to be.

#### 2024-02-20 05:44 - rosalind and celia is with the shepherd in the forest

so here's the crazy imagery here: the whole time he's in the forest, he's stuck with these two girls, which (since rosalind is constatly becoming a reflection of his poetry, and celia who I'm convinced now is a reflection of the sun), rosalind is teaching orlando (the shepherd out in the forest-of-arden) what kind of poetry she likes, by reflecting him and his poetry back to him while he's playing in her *field*. [you know, it also occurs to me now that rosalind is also the same project as the "ahn-roids": cept in this case, she's not able to be reset ... or is she? I think not. I think instead, the sequence/frequence to verse converter needs to be updated. no-take-backsies: only revisionist retranslating of the narrative. wow, did hollywood write this script? wow, I guess they *do* get what they want.... (as you like it!) in-deed]

$### 2024-02-20 05:34 - wtf how did I go back in time?

the above entry, I assure you was written, what felt like 10m ago. anyway, I made another realisation: rosalind and celia don't start right off with orlando. when orlando agrees to meet her, he has to tell her where in the forest to find her (ie, which node), which she will be a reflection of his translation of that node's poetry.

## notes
- orlando asks ganymede if he will have him. he says "yes [I'll have you], and [also] twenty more" (21 total)
- ewes (little girl rams) are sold off at 12mo to quite a bit older rams (aries, mars)
