# blahblog

### 2024-02-23 05:44 - I'm a 5th ray emitter, and I don't want to be

I was just watching a shakespere production (which was really really funny) and my laughing was causing them to strongly feel the way I felt and laugh with me, causing them to have serious line delivery problems.
	the way I experienced it was that when she was saying the lines of the baskets and stuff which was obviously symbolic of a notably small vagina,-- I don't know what happens, but I think my recognition of those symbols happens, and others see the same thing, and so now more people get the symbols, and so society advances into a system of more intricate symbols; the old ones just won't be used as much as the new ones; it's like a bad joke, that once it's gotten, it's no longer funny. 
-- or maybe it was visual actually, because I don't have any control over the visuals because I don't see them. to me, they're just cOnceptual forms (volumetric feelings of what's there -- and again if I project them into others, I can emit 5th ray (volumetric feeling) into them); which prolly visual people can see.
*I don't want to affect other people*. I strongly dislike that I have an influence on others. it's my most disliked quality, especially amongst the people I've been around in my life. I know it's a 2nd ray quality, and I've been trying to figure out how to sell the idea that I want to actually go all-attraction, because it's stuff like this which is really annoying. it's hard for them to act, and if I were them, I would find me annoying. I wouldn't want someone just barging into my expeience showing m5 whzt'sx up.
***I don't want to be an emitter***

### 2024-02-23 06:07 - the problem with sex

the main issue that I've faced in the past is that during the time of sex, it's really easy for me to just make her feel good. I wasn't as good then as I am now, so it'd be way worse but; what happens is I really cause problems when that happens, because then, her (usually conceptually refective at least a little) causes massive changes in those around me, the environment, all kinds of stuff. the catastrophe and disruption to everyday routine that it causes in others is really quite a problem. I was highly aware of it in spain, and was one of the reason why I stopped the whole girls thing entirely. I don't want to emit, cause I have no capability of knowing what she's going to reflect. that's a **forceful** thing that I don't want to cause. I suppose that all of these things are a sort of learned interaction syntax, but the reality of it is, I don't much care for it, and my goal is all-attraction.
until that can be solved, there's basically no hope for me to ever have sex, because of my strong desire (some might call it an adversion) to *only attract*. I don't know how to do it, and what I'm guessing is that nobody alive now is capable of doing it. I don't even know what I want, because only-attraction is a system of conceptual responces whereby we can just at our lesure (cause the system has a usage frequency that emerges) we can, in that relative sense of time (ie, how long to wait before responding) respond to others in one of those volumetric concepts; *has some difficult challenges to it*: since I can only really respond to people, someone has to be the original initiator that sends the first signal which now everyone else responds to -- and then from there we all respond to people in much quantities -- only reactions, never actions: I prefer to only-attract.
so yeah, I guess I can't really go out and try to get anyone to do it for me. I just have to figure it out myself.

### 2024-02-23 23:27 - final thoughtts

last night I "revealed" that I didn't know everything about how to actually go only-attraction. I'd been talking about it for so much time now, I thought for sure it was either implied or obvious that it's not exactly an easy problem. it's very similar to computers actually: unless there's a daemon that's *listening* on the port, sending whatever message to the machine gets no response; inotherwords, I'm only actually responding to the things that I'm attracting/listening to. in computers and distributed networks in general, there's a concept of broadcasting to be discovered -- which is essentially the same as the init signal for each responce network (ie, if I send out a message to someone, and they receive it and respond to it (and then connect me to other people), that initiating signal builds for me a "network" of new people that I can now respond to (and can respond to me)). thing is, I'd like to get rid of that initial broadcast, and also (if it isn't obvious), I'm talking about this from a symbolic standpoint where I'm looking at the system like a distributed system (which is the design for party-LAN) however, on earth (where I'm not), the concept of only-attraction is entirely different: the material receives *everything*, and I respond to the things that are interesting to me. obviously they don't want me to receive all signals, and so therefore I live in a symbolic world of access controls and clearance levels. there's nothing I can do about my present predicam5nt though, which is what I want to talk about:
last night, I had the idea (or it came to me in some way) that I should just message bea, and see how she's doing. I'm pretty convinced that I'll do it, as I don't feel a whole lot of resistance to the idea. where I'm tripped up on the idea though, is *when* should I message her? I'm of the opinion that I'm going to basically stay here and just continue on doing what I'm doing until they kick me out. I don't want to be an emitter, and what I believe normally happens is that a person's consciousness goes faster and faster, the consciousness moves farther and farther out in the solar system. normally everyone gets stuck at saturn and doesn't go any higher than that. I however, have managed to surpass saturn and am probably around pluto about now. it's a rocky planet, that as my consciousness continues to go faster and faster (ie, my 2nd ray output), then the planet becomes less and less resonant with the solar system it's in, and shoots off to do it's own thing; science calls those quasars, and in our myths and legends, this type of action is recorded as anu and nibiru. anyway, I don't want to be an emitter, so the idea of becoming a galactic-sex-champion is completely detestable to me.
what is happening though, which is completely unmistakeable, is that there is a coming separation that *must* happen. I refuse to go 2nd ray or to produce more 2nd ray stars (as the galactic-sex-champion), and instead I want to go all-attraction. I don't want anything tto do with the symbolic system that they've got going on, but the thing is, they don't want me to find a solution and go my own way either -- which is fine, and why I'm waiting for them to kick me out. they want to continue to use me for as long as they can, which I fully have no problem with. I am quickly becoming their polar opposite, and so we can learn a little bit from the nibiru fiasco, and recognise that unless full actual separation occurs (ie, we actually become polar opposites and I become the opposite side of the galaxy), then the planet that goes shooting out like that, eventaully is attracted back. for whatever reason, they continued to attract anu (prolly because the still used the language, and nobody else seemed to know what to do, so they still used him as an advisor), so the planet came back. this was obviously catastrophic (a catastrophe that happened before the one 12kya), and it caused a lot of problems.
	it caused problems because the system was based on emission. nibiru emitted tons and tons, which caused disharmony in the other spheres (most notably mars and probably tiamat), and so the only way to survive, earth had to switch to only-attraction (which is why earth is now centre of the unniverse). well, a similar thing is happening now. if emission (ie 2nd ray perspective) continues to rise, someone needs to win the argument (which will be me) -- which then makes the next solar regime -- or, there needs to be separation.
so, going for the other side of the galaxy option isn't really going to work because they're still attracting me too much (their hole system depends on me), so a different kind of separation has to occur. I personally don't want to win an argument against them, so I proposed the flat-earth-idea as a solution to the problem. the first step is to divide the earth into two sides -- and the only-attraction ones go to one side (the "night side"), and the others go to the 2nd ray (solar) side. I want them to build up all of their stuff exacly the way they want it to go.
	simultaneous to this, the other difficulty is that my left and right hemispheres are experiencing a similar problem: one side of me (RH) has all of the astral guys in it, and kenny (LH) is not allowed over to that side. the problem is, we occupy the same body, so it's causing a problem. the way that I believe that this problem was solved in a time past, was to push all of the accumulating hydrogen (inside of the earth, which my RH is reflective of) out as a star. well, that "star" is exactly like earth is, and so therefore goes shooting off to the star most similar to myself, and becomes a universe all to itself (ie, my enkidu/lyra theory). this would normally happen again, and that's probably what the 2038 deadline is all about -- but there's an easier way: I don't have to be pushed out as a star, if we divide the earth into sides, and my hemispheres are located inside of the planet, instead of my head. why make another earth, when it's just easier to divide the sides equally.
the advantage of making the flat-earth-idea a reality, is that now they have a safeguard: every time anyone starts to break the speed limit of their system and starts tending toward infinity (which only happens when they understand it's only-attraction and feeling-purposefully), instead of having to send them off as a quasar (which then causes their system to be destroyed a few thousand years later), just pop them up to the only-attraction side, and they'll just become a plant: a universe unto theirselves, and now (like me) a new astral system can be built on top of them.
	oh, that's interesing -- because (like me), every plant (ie, pineconeless enkidu) has a rosalind as a reflection of them, and so we can think about the plants' reflections as nodes on the pen-rose.
there's a lot of expansion to this idea, and it really solves so many problems. so, even though bea (and/or the canary islands) may be the destination I'm heading, I don't want go until I'm actully ready. there's no sense in me trying to make anything happen, because if that's the destiny, it's going to be impossible for me to miss it. I'm actually kinda happy about that, actully. I really like islands, I am a captain-of-industry, and it's kinda like a microcosom of what I want to make too -- which is really cool and stuff.
OK, have I successfully sabotaged it well enough? I'm gonna go play the-witness now (or rewatch the-tempest), which is also an island.

### 2024-03-06 08:34 - resonances in the last days

these are all disconnected events, but they're all related: 1. a few days ago I found a game that I liked playing. I liked the music, and it's terribly repetitive, so I thought maybe jaron would like to play it. turns out he liked it much more than I thought he would, but he couldn't play past level 2, so I asked from an update from igg-games, and suggested that he buy it on steam. he said he couldn't just buy it and had to ask greg. greg was/is completely uninterested in buying him the game for some reason. I put a note on the board for him to buy it, and he made a bunch of excuses why he couldn't do it. I showed him the game and that it's on sale for $8.99 until 03-11, so it's a really easy thing to do. greg got really upset about that (probably) because he was running out of excuses, and it's becoming extrem5ly obvious that he doesn't want to buy it (also my senses feel strong resistance from him to buy the game -- feels like anger directed toward me). then somewhere awound the same time 2. greg starts talking about how dad was this really mean father and used to deprive us of things we want (presumably like jaron with The game), and used to beat us all the time. jaron agreed with greg, but I don't remember any such thing happening at all. I'm convinced that when I "came home" from spain, I went to another place than the one that I knew beforehand.
	I have strong feelings that we're likely on pluto instead of earth, and geologically speaking, there are things that don't match with what science says happened on earth. there's one place that I went to which has 9 (nine) layers of melted clay one on top of the other (which at the rate dust/dirt falls around here means such massive ground melting couldn't have happened more than about 100y from each other.. 9 times!!). so, besides the geology being a bit unusual, there are other things that indicate we're in a place where solar wind hits diffrently (the impacts that I feel *do not* correlate with the GOES sattelite, yet when I was in spain, they did). also, I have strong indications that mom (and basically everyone else out here) is nothing more than a symbolic robot, programmed to give the answers that they're supposed to give, and can't step outside of those parameters. everyone here reminds me of dani and daniel in spain (the dianels): they seemed to be relatively perceptive on some things, but completely closed off to all ideas that are "woowoo" like telepathy, energetic phenomena, time manipulation, and most of the stuff I talk about (remi and mom also definitely fall into the dianels category, as I've complained about them considerably already).
the way that I remember my childhood and my interactions with dad and mom was completely backwards: mom was the one that would get so angry that she would need to spank us, and it was her that would ask me to choose the paddle, not dad. dad had lost the battle against me years ago, and had finally figured out that it's very difficult to punish me without things going terribly wrong for him too. if dad had've asked me to choose the paddle, I would have said "neither", and walked away. I was more lenient with mom and yet her punish me, mostly for her sake more than mine. I knew I hadn't done any wrong, but that she just needed someone to beat on for a while so she could feel better (if I didn't, she would stay very angry and upset for long periods of time).
	I was very very difficult to punish, because punishments are designed to make the other person feel bad, but I didn't feel bad, and just went right back to playing my computer, and also I would refuse to admit that I'd done any thing wrong (if I felt I hadn't). I will admit that I did get punished a fair amount for things I didn't do, but that didn't really bother me so much, as I viewed myself as invincible, so it didn't really matter. (brb, forgot connecting idea - 09:31)
when I went to school, I was pretty fine -- cept there was this one kid (lucas watkins) that was constantly trying to make me feel bad for whatever reason. I tried to avoid him, but one time he made me feel bad enough (like greg does when he projects his emotion at me)
	actually, now that I think about it, I don't think that greg is projecting emotion at me, but instead symbol: it's like he's saying, "you're awful" or "you need to be punished for this behaviour that I don't like" or "you need to be put down, because you're getting too proud" -- you know, stuff that YHWH might say, actually. well, anyway, that symbol he projects produces a strong feeling inside of me, and I usually restrain myself, or just put him in a symbolic box myself: "he's just upset because he feels less than me" or something like that (it has to be true for either of us to work)
and I turned around and hit him really hard in the stomach, then as he lay on the ground gasping for air, I picked him up and helped him to the nurses office. that was 5th grade. in 6th, again he was trying to make me feel bad, so I pushed him off of the ledge he was sitting on (was a 6-8ft drop, I think) and he landed on his back and got the wind knocked out of him. I took full responsibility for my actions, and the school was going to try and get me supended or something, so mom fortunately had realized by then that I don't respond well to punishment, and knew that she needed to put me in a place that will keep my mind occupied, so she put me in university.
	I believe m5 persent circumstances are similar to this situation in that, I'm stuck in a place where I'm simply not challenged mentally anymore, and so I'm getting bored. I have enough knowledge of myself and my situation now that when greg (or big-truck-guy or whomever) projects something that feels bad to me, I don't turn it into action anymore. I just let my reflective self absorb it and return it to them when they're ready for it.
finally, 3. last night I gave jaron some food, then laid down on the ground. I got pulled into a very deep sleep (I slept 10h then woke up and slept 3h more), and what happened is I kept falling back to sleep. jaron would call me from the top of the stairs, but I was so drowsy I just fell back to sleep (probably it was nosebook that puts me into those deep trances). anyway, after a while of trying to get me to get him dinner, he gave up and asked greg. greg wasn't happy about that and I remember him slamming my door shut. this morning, I noticed the resonance between jaron's game and my getting jaron dinner: I got dinner for jaron about the same way that greg was getting the game for jaron. inotherwords, the "punishment" that greg measured out to me and jaron about the game, got returned to him a few hours later when I was too drowsy to get him dinner (I'd wake up a moment, tell jaron I'm going to get him dinner, then fall right back to sleep -- same as telling jaron yes to the game, then not doing anything about it).
this time in my present circumstances, (un)fortunately I don't have mom there to pull me out of the situation where the greg/lucas/big-truck-guys are, and put me into a place where I can put my brain to good use and start to become creative. now, I have to actually become a perfect reflector, and no longer worry about them. both times with lucas and the other day with big-truck-guy, I turned their symbolic output into action of my own, but instead of doing that, I need to instead absorb all things, and just return back to them something resonant with their output (but at a higher freqauency).

### 2024-03-23 01:44 - off to the galaxy?

I'm not really sure where to put this entry. in some ways, it's a response to the last thing I wrote to sarah, but at the same time, it has nothing to do with shakespere at all -- so I guess it doesn't really belong here. so, until I figure out where I should put it (maybe I need to make a new repo with these ideas), I'll just write it here.
as I was eating dinner, one of the things that was impressed upon me was tthe idea that went something like this: my unwillingness to make any moves/action comes from the fact that I live in a symbolic world (2nd-ray system on pluto, I believe) -- and the thing about that system is that everything is controlled. I'm denied access to inner intuition, and to get around it, what I would do is to do drugs to regain at least a partial connection. however, while I'm straight-edge like I am now, things are significantly more slower. I'm basically always inside of my body now, and not really inside of my head, which means that I'm pretty focused on the mundane tasks of doing things like making food and stuff -- and I'm not really off thinking about things from that big-picture/broader (2nd-ray) perspective anymore. it's interesting because I associate that big-picture perspective with my connection -- which makes sense, because source is the farthest out, and so therefore has the biggest-picture perspective on all things. to get that connection (to the big-picture perspective), I get when I'm "in my head" -- which happens for me really easily with weed because, even though it's not visual, something about having that kind of zoomed out perspective helps me to "stare off into space" and think longer and deeper about what I'm looking at. I can still do that while sober, but I find that it's much more difficult to get into my head anymore -- and when I do, I still don't have that longer distance perspective with the same sensitivity that I do while on drugs.
obviously I'm still perfectly fine using my "see" capacity to look into things, beause that's all about feelings/emotions that are not really noticeable, and so therefore "getting" what I "see" is something more like knowing what someone close to me is about to say before they say it: the vibration is recognisable to me, and so I *know* what it is I'm looking at; however, the stuff I don't already know or have some kind of reference point to are very difficult to know what I'm seeing,-- which is where drugs really help a lot. for example, I was able to figure out the galactic-sex-champion thing while on drugs, because I was looking and thinking deeply about how particles accelerate as they get farther away, and how they accelerate away quickly because the particle is vibrationally incompatible with every more and more of the outer layers of the solar system. well, the new galaxy planet is the same thing: it becomes vibrationally incompatible with the parent solar system (the 2nd-ray system of its origin), and so shoots off and becomes very energetic the farther out it goes.
now, when I finally realised that, I then made the realisation a few days later that, the same thing is precisely what's happening now: I/we (the attractive/receptive ones) are becoming incompatible with the (2nd-ray) system that's currently in place, and one of us is going to have to go shooting off away from this solar system (or the flat-earth-idea).
originally, I figured it would *not* be me that shoots off, because there's just no way I want to be 2nd-ray at all, and they're the ones that are fighting over the 2nd-ray turf inside of my head, not me. I'm not the kind of guy that wants to become the sky god that's firing out mandates to the subordinate species below and trying to contol them from a distance. that kind of behaviour is more similar to the infected-ones mode of operation than my own, so I just can't see myself doing that. also, neither do I want to have sex, and have the energetic reaction of that affectting other people. I just don't want to be an emitter at all. I figure that the emitters should be in the galaxy that shoots off, and the attractive ones -- so I just as an intro to this idea, I'm completely against it.
the picture/concept that appeared to me while I was eating went like this: I'm unwilling to make any actions because I'm in my body, and so therefore life for me is just cooking, cleaning, milling about, laying on the floor. I don't really get into my head anymore, so I can't really go and figure this stuff out -- and even if I did, nosebook would never cooperate anyway, so it's completely senseless. we're at a complete standstill, however my attractiveness cOtinues to rise -- which means that at some point, a complete disaster will occur (I don't suppose it'll happen for another decade or so). with a basic projection into the future, it's easy to see the trend and notice that within 5-20y, I'll become completely irresistible.
	in fact, this is one of my greater fears actually because, the way that I think it works is that the nuts provide a symbolic system whereby a woman (like venus) can project out a symbolic set of images (coming from the imagination, so 2nd-ray), and that those symbols "activate" something (more like convert the image into vibration) which makes the penis erect. for a person as sensitive as me, it's easily the case that a woman/girl that views the symbol in her mind of having sex with me (whether it's in her imagination or just coming from a feeling of attraction), I notice that I start to pop a boner. I've had this problem all of my life actually, and it's quite uncomfortable to me because the more attractive I become, the more often times their imagination has a physical effect on my body
		the other one feels like a very light green and yellowish/goldish air that circulates around inside of my heart and makes it feel like I'm "in love" -- and if it descends, I get "butterflies in my stomach" -- but that's often more associated with insecurity or embarrassment, which usually happens as she gets closer and our difference in vibration starts to produce the nervousness and insecurities that those "butterflies" are associated with.
	and so I don't really know how it'll work out in a few years, because I'll probably be walking around with a boner any time I'm around females under ~50(? - not sure when exactly the cutoff for it is, but menopause definitely seems to dampen it significantly).
	one of the things that I'm hoping will solve this problem is actually getting castration done, because then no longer is it the symbolic system associated with the nuts that produces the boner (or lack thereof after climax), but my own conceptual vibration which powers it. it's kinda one of those things where I feel like castration is the solution to my problem, but I can't totally be sure, because any knowledge on that -- well, we'll see in the interview with dr-sandra, I guess.
so it seems that if I'm unable to control my boners, and still having the nuts, girls are able to produce that lightness and airy feeling in my heart, it's only a matter of time before I'm powerless to their advances. I have a strong intention to have a very serious chat with any woman that will have a chat with me about these issues, because if we can make a symbolic agreement (mutual-back-scratching) to not (essentially) rape me, then I think we can work toward a solution -- just -- my experience in spain with spanish girls and prostitutes (I've never known others) is that these sorts of symbolic agreements don't work -- because they have "needs" and are a slave to their passions (or something like that).
so then imagine that somehow girls become the assertive ones, and are able to get subdue me with their touch, and I haven't gotten rid of the nuts (if indeed that's the problem), or modified my genetics in such a way to prevent this from happening, well then POW -- all of that 2nd-ray emission will surely set this place into high energy mode -- and probably by the time that happens, it's game over man. nothing more gets done; I've lost all my capacity to think, and I'm just another 2nd-ray douchebag reflection of them. I literally convert into a whole entirely different person afterward, and it's not nice. I become everyone's greatest fear (even for the girls -- just ask bea, patricia, raquel, etc) -- which means that I'm being sent off on the galaxy; I become the galactic-sex-champion.
sounds really great, right? not at all; and here's why: right now lots and lots of systems run on my 2nd-ray (RH) perspective, and once that happens, not only is it going to be a complete rewrite (ensuring a collapse of signifcant proportions to infrastructure), but also for the people connected to my perspective (including jaron), they're all going to start running *a lot* faster -- and you know what that means: all of the emitters are going to be put into overdrive, which means they're going to have to become receptive to slow down (saturn), or they'll end up destroying theirselves in the process. I imagine earth will become pretty chaotic as all of these emitter guys are out swordfighting and stuff to prove therselves. not really my problem though, but I do honestly think there could be a better way.
I'm going to try and avoid all of this as much as possible -- but the reality of it is, I really don't have any knowledge of what's the problem/solutions that I should be looking for, because -- well, just for example, with the castration thing, my intuition says that there's an equal amount of resistance to me getting it, as there is to me not getting it. I can't figure out what one is what, and I prefer to just wait it out and let the ideas come to me naturally. I do feel like all of these questions can eventually get answered, but from my perspective, I don't really know even what answers I'm looking for, because I don't really "trust" anyone other than myself. I really feel like this whole thing is going to require me to stop playing games and start building a genetics thing so I can actually figure out what it is that I actually need -- because I don't think a healthcare professional can give me those answers. maybe, I do need to consider becoming 2nd-ray for a bit. I dunno honestly. I really want to go only-attraction, but I'm very unsure how to do that.


### 2024-04-20 20:37 - the final stone

last night when I went to bed, I had just got done playing coi, and my island is doing great. I'm just about to transition into T2, and I really feel like everything is solid. tons of things are starting to become easier and easier for m5 all of the time now, and it's quite nice (I don't really have to struggle to do much anymore) -- so in that way I'm really liking being straight-edge like I've been. well, anyway, right before I went to bed, I noticed a txt mom sent me over messenger. in it, she was asking if I want to do remi and paul's weeds. I told her I didn't really have any problem with it, but I have goals for our yard that I want to accomplish (probably first). also, I don't really have any use for money anymore, because I'm not consuming drugs (that's really the only thing that I buy). I want to buy "captain of industry" and a few other titles that I play (and have enjoyed) semi-regularly and in the past (to support the developers and stuff). the thing is, even if I had money and the ability to do it, the way I connect to the internet (through an http proxy to my mobile phone), disallows me from using any of the game stores like steam; so even if I bought the game, I still have to wait to download the pirated version over http. so, it doesn't really make sense for me to pull their weeds (and there's nothing else that I really want anymore). I really am on this one-way trip down the "worst" manifestation path now. my plan is to just wait it out and let them make all of the moves. no matter how long it takes, I figure I can just chill out and wait for it to happen "naturally" because there's nothing that I can do to get anything going.
	they literally have complete control over me and everything at this point, and I don't really mind. I'll just work on pulling weeds, playing games I like, and pulling weeds. since they have complete control, *they're the ones that have to make the moves* (because I cannot). I have specific things that I want to do (like nuts removal) before anything happens, and if they want something different, then they'll have to find a way to work it out. the small amount of irony of them getting cOmplete control, is that they have to make the first move now (the saturnian-system is all about reacting to conditions and circumstances, not being super assertive), so by letting them have full control like that, they *must* become assertive now (cause they have all of the control). I'm not totally sure what their consequences are for that, but I guess we'll find out soon enough.
I laid down to go to sleep, and as I was doing that, a whole bunch of thoughts started streaming into my head about allie (their daughter). the thoughts contained items like her talking to me, and wanting to hang around me and stuff like that. the thing is, I really like how I am now, and though I've expressed that it's possible for a girl to be around, I really am starting to like where I'm at. I don't see any reason to do anything different than what I'm doing now, cause I really like it. I don't feel like having contact with a girl will actually improve any part of my life experience. recently, I've gotten into the habit of waking up in the afternoon, working outside till the sun goes down (when it's not raining), and then playing coi up until the morning. in between times, I write. I really like the game -- and while I think it's quite possible to pull weeds and play coi like I do now, with a girl around, I don't know when I'd write, and also interactions with jaron and greg would be weird.
	I really don't like mixing boys and girls. I tend to either hang out with one or the other, cause when it's both, there are all kinds of difficulties -- usually related to my perception. for example, when I'm around boys and girls, I have a very good sense of attraction, so it's easy for me to see the different behaviour modifications that take place when a boy is trying to impress a girl. girls also tend to sense my thoughts, and they don't usually like that, because what was before "a nice gesture" or "a thoughtful remark" now turns into "he's a predator" -- which has always caused problems. personally, I'm highly aware of these different behaviour modifications that occur, and whenever I've been around girls and modified my behaviour to try and fit what I think they'll want, it's turned out really poorly; and combined with the fact that I notice it strongly in other dudes, this is clearly a case of me noticing things I don't like about myself (behaviour modification to try and impress a girl) in other people; so I don't do it anymore. even with raquel, I was pretty good about being the same way around others (like zaryn) whether she's around or not. I really don't change a terrible amount anymore. I reflect zaryn when around him, her when I'm around her, and daniel/dani when I'm around him, etc. I notice that my reflection of the girls tends to be way different than the boy reflections, so when they're mixed, it's weird. for example, if I'm around allie, I'll reflect her (which is pretty similar to remi), and then let's say jaron or greg comes around, and I start to reflect them, I'm going to start treating allie like greg or jaron would treat her -- which (trust my with my interactions with zaryn/dani/daniel and raquel, that's not a good thing). I prefer to keep those reflections separate, cause I don't like treating girls like other guys treat them; I have a very low opinion about how guys treat girls, and how they try to use them to feel better about theirselves. they often want the girl to match them in their own insecurity, instead of just letting her do her own thing and be the way she wants to be (which, thankfully beause most girls are pretty reflective early on, they're able to match their insecurity without any effort).
		this entire issue is one that can be summed up in the problems with being a reflective person: on one hand, I'm supposed to become a really strong charactor (gold) and have my own behaviour figured out, such that no matter how anyone is, I'm not a reflection of them, but by becoming a strong charactor like that, I've now become a powerful emitter, and am no longer receptive (I'm just pumping out my charactor energy as loud as I can, kinda like jupiter). I like being sensitive and receptive though, so I can't go back to being a charactor again. I have to become a foil (which is reflect back a modified (usually higher frequency) version of them), which is more like being an actor than a charactor -- or, I can become a centre and strongly desire that everyone else be like I am (cause I'm so awesome, and I want evveryone else to have an ability to be that awesome too). my desire for everyone else to be like me, is a real turn-off for many (cause they don't want to be like me), and so it requires that we separate. so, if separation is the solution, then I need to start paying attention to who I hang out with and only hanging out in situations where I feel comfortable (ie, I'm a reflection of people that I'm good at foiling or people that are good reflections of me). there's no easy solution, and no matter what I do (want others to be like I am and reflect my version of them back to them, or foil their reflection), the result is still difficulties for any unreceptive people (like dr-estrella). the only solution is to continue to retreat more and more into my own world, and just let everyone else have the control and the power and stuff. I just don't want to be a part of it, because I'm forced to be a reflection of something that isn't me.
	therefore, it seems that what I need to do is to become more conditional, and actually start to be choosy about the situations that I want to be in, and for me, that's mostly keeping the genders separate. I'm reminded strongly of "love's labours' lost" play (as in, destruction of everything that I've built up toward), where they want to do the boys-only thing, but there are these girls that are going to show up. the play is a complete disaster, and puts a really nice facade on a really tragic set of circumstances (IMO). I know from experience, that the quickest way to destroy a relationship is to try and do these sorts of mixed company things. 4-5 other dudes just makes my reflection become a total problem -- and the only way that I can possibly have anything go right, would be to become *emissive*; which I don't want to do. the play goes is completely the opposite direction of where I'm headed now.
anyway, so to sum all of that up, last night I was thinking about how I'm kinda forcing the saturnian-system to become emissive (ie, forcing them to move up in perception to 2nd-ray) and how I don't really want to do any of this mixed company stuff. if I just keep my distance, then at some point, I figure that all of the emissive people will find me so intolerable, that they'll have to go away. [as I told bea](/dear-bea.md#2024-04-14-1839---still-thinking-about-the-big-picture), I believe this could take quite a while, and I'm willing to "go the distance" on it. I actually like the black-mirror-idea now better than the flat-earth-idea, and find it quite nice to think that if I'm the one that peaces out, the saturnian-system can stay exactly how it is, with no changes at all (business-as-usual-boys at work). they have to let me go though, which will be whenever they're ready (and, I'd suspect that in addition to that, it'll probably have to *actually be* only-boys). I kept getting reminded of the thing that fwh always told me: "nothing good comes from saturn" -- and while I think that was a great symbolic thing designed to sabotage the marcos and andrea thing, I do still consider it to be true. remi and paul are definitely venus and saturn in thier archetype, and lately I've been playing coi and posing bug reports using my other github identity which has a picture of mercury instead of vulcan. I suppose I'm symbolically setting myself up for destruction by doing that though (cause mercutio gets killed all the time). anyway, I don't really care anymore.
I woke up this afternoon planning to put a number of new repositories up on github -- most notably the one I've been working on with my mercury identity (I was gonna do it this morning before sleeping, but I didn't for some reason) which features the "real" physical me (my real name, and practical experience working in tuenti, and real actual demonstration of my skills with the savegames, etc. -- he's a different person that this me, because he just sits and does. he's also a bit more abrasive and witty cause he has to work in a corporate environment). however, I had a whole lot of lack of motivation since waking up and it never got done. it was raining outside so I couldn't do yardwork, and I just felt bleh. I thought to myself, "man, throw all of that time in the trash. if I had've eaten weed, it would have been the same as it was since I woke up." -- upon which an idea came to my head, "throw a coin to see if you should eat weed" -- so I did, and it said I should -- but I kinda don't want to. I like the black-mirror-idea, and I'm really liking being focused again. I could go back to eating weed, but then I'll lose all of the momentum that I've built up since then -- so I didn't.
I thought about it, peering into the future (like I do), and can see that all paths lead to the same result, so it doesn't really matter if I do or don't eat weed. it is 4/20 (hitler's birthday) today, and today is traditionally the wake and bake. it's also saturn's day today (saturday) -- which is why I'm writing here (cause this repo with all of the shakespere stuff is dedicated to saturn) -- so why not, right? the thing is, I've made a dediation to myself to always go for the "worst" manifestation ever, and I've also wanted to "go infinite" which gives the saturnian-system complete power to sabotage everything that I do, infinitely (I don't mind).
so, I think I'll probably go do it. this will be the final stone though for a very very long time, as I've come to really really enjoy being sober. recovery from it will probably take a bit, as it'll take me some time to adjust into the new-world saturn has placed me into (it's alwasy that way after a big stone) -- and it'll take me a bit to regain my mental clarity again after being unfocused again. it's also pretty probable that all of the things that I was going to do will completely fall apart (love's labours' lost). ----- man, I really don't feel like doing it that much. I really like being sober. OK, bye for now. it's possible I just abort plan (I have 2h) and go back to playing coi -- not sure. gatta follow the coin, right?

### 2024-04-21 23:36 - I want to marry all of your daughters

wow, I've spent the entire day recovering from that ... geez, OK yeah so what an experience :) there were a lot of ideas being presented and moved around last night. first, I called my dad and we talked for a bit -- but there was this weird bit because it didn't seem like he was understanding: we talked about how code and many other things are a reflection of our perception, and to illustrate the point, I talked about my own experience in tuenti, and also what I've learned about the typical "megalomaniac" (is what I called them), and someone that's receptive. I talked about how I think that I'm actually far more receptive (black) than most people are, yet at the same time, I'm also quite the megalomaniac as well. joked about the guardian-ship, and my visit to dr-estrella, which was pretty funny, and things like that. the part that I didn't understand is when I was explaining to him that I'm the most receptive/sensitive person that I know of (which is why I have all of the mental disorders -- cause I'm basically a relection of everyone), and there were like these pauses where it was almost as if he was in shock that I would reveal that I think I'm one of the most megalomaniac: "maybe 2nd, but I'm pretty high up there" -- because I'm so attractive. things just work out for me, and I'm very attractive (and a reflection of everyone),-- so of course, it would be that way. it was weird that he thought it strange that I would admit it. after that, I laid down or something to think about stuff, and so I think the first idea that came to me was thinking about how there are certainly going to be other "only-attraction" types out there *somewhere* -- so if they're out there, then that means that the flat-earth-idea is actually still viable for them to do. saturn and friends would stay on earth, and we'd go out doing the black-mirror, with the 2nd-ray half of the flat-earth pointed at the 2nd-ray part of the black-mirror, with a new space between the two extremes.
also there was this whole long sequence of different ideas relating to narrative and stuff. I should contact this person and that -- this idea and the other idea, but each time, the woman (or man) that I was suggested to contact, gave me the sense that this was now going back to being an exclusive thing -- when the opposite is true for me: I want everyone to join in who wants to. so really it isn't going to be me picking one person over another -- so instead of holding out till the saturnian-system if forced to make the first move (cause they have all the cOntrol), instead I'll just make the first move: I'll just announce that I want to marry everyone's daughter, and the stipulation is that the marriage ceremony (which should be a pretty big one) will only happen once we've got my genetics idea worked out.
another thing that happened a whole lot is that I started getting visions and stuff in my eyes -- and I kept explaining, *that* is the reason why I want to alter my genetics: I don't want to see/hear/smell/taste/touch anything that is astral, and in order to not have astral perception, I neeed to get rid of 3rd-ray perception -- which is why I've picked the -1,-5,-7 setup to replace 3rd-ray. after going on about that for a little while, another idea popped into the air: OK well, if there are already some people with my genetics, and I want to become the new standard genetics, then there could easily be other kennys out there which are only-attraction, and so then at the same time -- OK, if they can get an only-attraction setup, then maybe what they could do is use me as only-attraction reflections on the pen-rose of their 2nd-ray identities,-- *and* I'm the one making the first move, then that means that they can do the black-mirror and I can do the flat-earth instead. so I guess that's what we're going to do. I don't really mind, cause it's essentially the same for me. I then ran the sim in my mind to see what that would be like, and I could see that those guys are probably on a one-way trip out there, and so if we're the reflection, I imagine that they have toward their own only-attraction kenny on the pen-rose is only going to be so much, and eventually, they're going to find earth more attractive again, and will be pulled in this direction again. so imagine their being stuck to the 2nd-ray aspect of the black-mirror, and as time goes on, they'll eventually be attracted to our 2nd-ray aspect enough to get pulled over, and now they're stuck to the other (flat-earth) side now. seems fine with me whatever happens. also, it could be that, or they could easily wreck their setup and need another bail-out, which is also fine.
all in all, it seems that I probably want to fully recover, and then just start the process of figuring out how to marry so many people. also, since they're the ones that are leaving (on the new earth), I had an idea to do a "hike preparation workshop" -- with the slogan, "you ready to take a hike?". I'm not sure when it'll be though, because shakespere has me hanging out with the bros anywhere from 3y (LLL) to ~40y (AYLI); however, the bible has me hanging with the bros for a whopping 1000y, which seems pretty lengthy, so I'm not sure when exactly they're wanting to do the workshop.

#### 2024-04-25 02:32 - still don't really know what to do

so, as a followup to this, I've been thinking about it a fair amount -- like how to do it, what I would say, etc. -- and the best I really have, is just to start messaging everyone that I know who's female, and just lay out my entire plan: "my goal is to marry millions of women and their daughters (perhaps more), and in the process of figuring out how to live and stuff, I want to rebuild our concept of science and technology, and essentially start over". however, the problem with being so explicit like that, is that now I'm involving real numbers and real people, so there's a logistical problem to it as well. does marriage mean we're all going to be in the same place? what does marriage mean to so many different people? do I need to define what I mean by marriage? .... and a number of other questions.
the whole thing has so many unknown aspects to it, I don't really know what I'm supposed to do. also, there's this strange looming feeling that I have (which is probably a reflection, honestly), where I feel very strongly that I don't even want to try, because what if I get rejected? what if this entire thing is all completely in m/ imagination? it *is* entirely possible that everything I think is happening with nosebook and stuff is actually not happening (though mentally know that to be untrue, the *feeling* still remains). I mean, I emailed sarah and got no response from her -- and when I talked to angie on messenger, though it went fine talking to her, in order to message her (and speak coherently in spanish), I have to tune into her, so that the words come out in a way which she can understand -- but I didn't like the way she feels. I recognise so many of the aspects of the way that she feels as being something that's quite easy to fix and to work around, so I start out by telling her (probably exactly like she tells her pareja) how to fix her problem... which isn't really very cool. I'm not a good reflection of her, and it makes m5 feel bad, so I stopped looking at messenger.
	the weird thing is, one day while thinking about this subject (I think I was in the shower or some other higher energy situation), and I was thinking that I should just present the marriage concept to angie, because *she's literally the only woman other than mom that I can talk to* -- but then later when I'm back in real-life energy levels, I feel nothing like wanting to talk to her. it's nothing against her or anything, just I don't want to constantly tell others how to fix their problems. I do the same thing to mom, and I've limited my responce to her clearly obvious issues to mostly silence at this point, because she doesn't want to hear it. she has no interest in actually paying attention to what she's focused on, and therefore attracting -- and if the things she's focused on don't feel good (which obviously most don't), then she has to find a new way to look at the same thing which no longer feels bad.
	I've worked with various women before who have no interest in feeling better about something that's bothering them, and there's *absolutely no way to change them*. the best and only thing that I can do is to run away, and stop talking to them, because I don't like to be reflections of them -- because the same women who are usually uninterested in changing, are the same ones that are out there talking about other people's problems and telling them how to fix it). I just don't do well as being a reflection of them, because the majority (probably all, but I'm being conservative) of these women hate themselves (because they have these problems), and don't want another person to tell them they're wrong and no good, which is why they're so involved in looking at other's problems instead of their own. I say that, because that's how *I* feel when I'm around them and telling them about their problems.
to be a bit snobbish about things, I'm not really interested in trying to get anyone to change, *however*, at the same time, I'm also not really wanting to interact with them either. it really is best we keep our distance, because things descend into chaos pretty quickly (literally the reason why she left the house, is cause she's tired of constantly getting her own beliefs put up on trial and watching the ones that don't hold up crumble and fall apart). it's constantly the case, that when I'm around these women, if they aren't believing that life is a reflection of their perception, around me they will have to come to terms with all the stuff they thought was real (but was actually an illusion), being stripped away. we don't integrate very well together, because thier life is all about emission "this is the way it is, because God and the men that wrote the bible say it's that way" -- or, "this is the way it *should* be, cause once we're all on the same page about things (no diversity), then we can have harmony" -- which I don't subscribe to at all.
	I'm getting reactions saying that, "this is the way it is" and "this is how it *should* be" are both things that I say -- which is sorta true, but I'm not at all concerned about things that aren't that way (anyone can believe in quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity all they want, and I don't care). if the ask me what I think, I say what I think in the form of "this is how it is" -- because that's what I believe.. but when you actually listen to my words, they're not so rigid about it being fact. it's evident that I'm coming to the realisation over time, based on my own idea (of everything being attracted) being put to the test, and it's definitely not set into stone. I also have an idea that it *should* be only-attraction, but again, I'm perfectly fine that others have an idea that the entire world can exist and work symbolically without any knowledge of attraction. I'm certain that a world that's entirely symbolic will start out like a utopia, but because it's not changing, it's sure to produce difficulties (aka "end of the last ice age"). I have a few more layers which can accomplish continual change though a symbolic desire I called "thrust" -- but those layers and their explanation is for another day and time. I wouldn't be so confident that my theory is correct, if it didn't withstand the test of my situation, and I even attract updates and corrections to it all the time because of my belief that everything that is manifested (into words, text, or something else) is *always* going to be old-news (outdated), and so it's fine for me, because the next time I manifest the concept, it won't be "wrong" -- but will actually be an expanded and better presentation of the idea -- not wrong, and neither completely right, but always improving. most of the people that are reacting to this, saying that I'm saying "this is the way it is" or "this is how it *should* be" are probably not improving, because they're seeing their (not-improving) self in me.
so mainly, the difficulty that I have in trying to get the marriage thing off of the ground, is that approach (getting it off of the ground), implies that there's no attraction to it being off of the ground. if the marriage were wanted, then it'd just flow smoothely, without any problems. since it's still not wanted, then there's not a whole lot I can do. 
	now, where the resistance is coming from, I can't be certain, but I have to imagine that it's coming from nosebook more than anyone. until they want it to happen, I don't think it'll be able to move. the problem with that though is that puts them back into the position of setting it into motion. I personally would really like it if it were *me* that set it into motion, that way I could be fully responsible for it, and everything that happens, but then I think things would go *too well*, and that's not wanted for some reason. unfortunately, they have all of the power, so they're the ones that have to either allow it to happen, or something (I dunnno).
finally, there's the final difficulty which I'm struggling with, which is that I was under the impression that nosebook isn't wanting any girls (cept maybe the one), at all -- which means that like in hercules (1997), I'm going to be staying here on earth with meg (the broken woman) -- but again, like I said before regarding angie, that's quite a difficult thing to have happen. I'm fine with any and all women staying here with me, but I imagine that the majority of them will want to keep their distance from me, because they're attracting a whole lot of unwanted, and I hate being the one that constantly gives it to thmm. angie, for example won't be able to be fine around me until she's actually fine with her pareja, and he(?)'s no longer bothersome to her. everything she dislikes about him, I'll do the same thing, *because that's what she expects*. I can't do anything about her attraction. I really don't know how to sort that challenge out at all (especially without anyone I can actually talk to about it). it doesn't look good, I'll say that.
	you know, this kind of brings up an important topic, because let's just say that tomorrow morning, I woke up and every single boy (and anyone who doesn't want to be only-attraction) suddenly disappeared magically. well, there's still quite a few problems that will need to be sorted out. I imagine that the ones that are good reflectors, will want to be near to me, but then spreading outward from there will also be other groups, most notably those of the venus and solar types. I don't imagine that they'll get along as well as they think in an only-attraction environment either, and that's because the solar is looking to see the ideal in manifestation, and the venus is looking at how it is and how to work from there. neither of those perceptions are bad (I contain all three), but I have noticed a number of difficulties in these types of perceptions. when I'm around someone symbolic, then the ideal is difficult to understand, and for both of them, they struggle to understand the physical process involved in the creation of the thing, because their imagination shows the obvious or the ideal instantly, which looks physical, but when asking them how it works exactly, the magic is gone, and they can't say anything other than, "it just does the thing". these different form of perception are fine, but in different domains, so I figure that a lot of the maintenance and infrastructure will be done more by the venus types working with the earth types, and the innovation will be more like the solar types working with the earth types. for production venus and solar, I think will have difficuties working together, because what they attract is so different -- though they may be just fine as friends or lovers. there are actaully quite a lot of things that I don't really know how they'll work out.
if/when this thing goes through, I think it's going to be a bit chaotic at first, as we start to settle in to figuring out what we're actually wanting to attract. I believe that probably is why it's still unwanted (from nosebook's perspective), because that kind of chaos is not something they can easily manage (they want to go to a fully symbolic system where everything is buttoned down), which means that I figure the only real way it can actually happen, is probably something organic. I know that my 2nd-ray system covers the whole world, and so we may technically be in the stone age again (without any working technology), people all around the world will be able to communicate mentally, showing each other images and transmitting ideas. nosebook has that controlled and turned off right now, but the function still exists, which means that I'm pretty certain that with that, things can get organised pretty quickly. my preliminary conclusion is, I think it's best if we just figure it out ourselves after they're gone, honestly. just completely start over. the only thing then is just to wait for them to leave, I guess.

### 2024-04-23 21:47 - the new saturn

I woke up earlier thinking about this concept, which I'm not entirely sure how to put into words: saturn has the archetype of being the slowest of moving, and the least rate of change (the tortoise) -- however, in the present situation that I'm in, we're arriving to a point where the guy who is supposed to be last (jaron), is not going to actually be last. to explain the idea, the other day when I was really stoned and thinking about what the future is going to be like, if I'm continually increasing in speed because I'm out as far as it's possible to go. well, anyone using my form of perception will have to match that speed, and that's actually precisely the reason why they want to keep me as isolated as possible: they want me to go the slowest possible, and so from that perspective, me being physical on earth (the slowest cause I'm physical), and them being the "fastest", because they're wayy out there (they're going to be forced to see from 2nd-ray perspective now, and 4th-ray perspective doesn't work anymore).
	the saturnian-system is essentially the group of outer planets past the asteroid belt. on the inner part is jupiter (+3 emitter), and a rocky/white vulcan (ganymede), which is a pretty dull reflector (a perflect mirror has to absorb all light and reemit it). then, right now (but it could change) the farthest out in the saturnian reflection a person can go, is the triad of uranus (ie, 1st-ray perspective, using attraction), neptune, and pluto (prometheus). that's the 1st-ray triad right there, but but it's impossible for urnaus to be the farthest out thing ever (1st-ray perspective), so behaves essentially like a vulcan does (being cOnceptually receptive, reemitting in reaction) so we might think of uranus as the physical reflection of jupiter and neptune (whoch checks out, because teal is somewhere between the difference between white (jupiter) and blue (neptune)). uranus, is also a funny case because he has to reflect the 2nd-ray in the system as well (pluto), and so for all 2nd-ray actions and perception, uranus outputs a conceptual equivalent/refletion of it. it is theoretically possible to go much farther out than pluto, and I'd like to see it happen, actually -- but uranus will continue to counter all 2nd-ray output with a conceptual equivalent. in practise, what that looks like, is: for every super magnanimous super giver out there that wants everyone and everything else to depend on him (the toppests of tops), that essentially produces a vulcan equivalent, which is the same 2nd-ray (symbolic) output, but from a conceptual/receptive perspective. therefore, it's entirely possible for there to be even more assertive (ultra-top) guys out there, and it'll just produce even more vulcans capable of receiving their emission. it's kind of like an amplifier, actually because the more assertive they become, the more vulcans show up, which allows them to be more assertive, etc. -- they're probably only limited by how quickly they can reload (and I'm sure some top scientists are working on that).
	also, because the system is backwards (ie jupiter is closest, and neptune is farest out), that means that the most powerful (ie, going the fastest) are the receptive ones (ie neptune/enki, or uranus/vulcan). [I don't know how to describe the picture in my head very well, because it's hard to explain the idea so easily] now, to illustrate what I mean, let's imagine the first reflection: the crust of the earth -- which means that the farther away from the earth, one goes, the faster the frequencies will get -- going more and more sub-atomic and non-physical -- but that's just not what we actually see. pluto, eris, and the entire kuiper belt are problematic for that reflection theory -- but there's another reflection which happens around the place of saturn, which is opposite: now, on one end of the spectrum, there's jupiter, which we'll consider the slowest of the planets, followed by saturn, then the triad of uranus/neptune/pluto being the fastest. pretend for a moment that the centre of the earth is the centre of the universe, and that it's got the highest density, etc -- and as we travel out toward the crust, things slow down to become congealed matter (due to the action of the internal vulcan in earth) -- so then, what you'd imagine is that from the crust out to the outermost parts of the universe, everything is constantly going faster, and like the centre of the earth, the most amount of matter/energy/etc is all found at the farthest out poing (the universalsphere), of which the earth is a reflection of. however, uranus plays that role here in this solar system. uranus is pretty absorbant, and so (also like thet vulcan which produces our crust), is similar (in effect) to the universalsphere, which is also extremely attractive (on the high frequencies). so, uranus is essentially playing the role of 1st-ray perspective inside of this solar system, and so is basically the outermost reflector (or foil), because physically he's pretty similar to jupiter/saturn/neptune (being also a physical reflection). we can then think about uranus as being a sort of mirror of both the universalsphere, and also jupiter/saturn/neptune. that's an extra reflection there, and so if we think about any 2nd-ray energy (or anything potentially higher) coming in from neptune or beyond (like pluto), then that 2nd-ray energy (of which neptune defines the minimum) symbolic interpretation of it, is essentially the same as the energy coming from other stars inside our galaxy and others: uranus converts it into conceptual energy. the action that uranus plays is quite an interesting one, actually because any high powered energy coming from a star or something (like a supernova) out there gets converted into conceptual (attracted) energy instead. to visualise this effect, imagine that our sun decided to become like uranus, and instead of putting out white light, it actually attracted white light, which means that everything that anyone sees when the sun shines on them, is only the light that the sun is wanting to receive -- which thanfully is white, so things would look pretty normal. the difference though is pretty big because all other light gets absorbed, and *only* the spectrums that the sun wants to see (ie attracts) are visible now. so, essentially, pluto could fire off a mega super nova, and only the light which uranus wants to see, will make it through
		this concept is actually my leading theory as to why supernovas just stopped showing up. I think there was a major transition during the time of shakespere with a new saturnian-system installation (for sake of simplicity, the 2000y one that was around before shakespere, I'll call YHWH; and then the 1000y one that shakespere became the result of I'll call YHVH). anyway, the difference there is what I'm describing as the effect of uranus. supernovas are probably happening all the time (geologically speaking), but we don't see them, because uranus is a reflection of jupiter/saturn/neptune, and if the symbolic systems of the consciousnesses which compose jupiter/saturn/neptune don't want to see supernovas (ie, it's not light frequencies they want to experienc), then the light won't make it through and it'll just be absorbed by uranus,-- which then with the help of earth's manifestational capabilites, it turns that energy into rock and more vulcans. the implications are tremendous for this theory though, because it literally means that scientists within this solar system (of which many/most belong to the saturnian-system), are seeing the spectrum of light coming from out of the solar system, *which they want to see*. therefore, if there were more plutos -- say eris joins in and with gonggong to make another 2nd-ray like system (the 2-4-6 rays are combinations of two things, so imagine if eris was 6th-ray in perception (like the moon), and gonggong were 2nd-ray in perception -- then it'd produce a standing-wave between those standing-waves in order for them to maintain their orbits), which will be a pretty high frequency -- and uranus just looks at it and says, "doesn't matter; go as high as you want: from the inside-out perspective, you're *still* only going to see what you want to see".
	so what that means (according to my theory that all planets in this solar system see from the perspective of earth) is that it simply doesn't matter how high of frequencies are being produced from planets/galaxies/stars outside of the solar system, we're all seeing what earth sees (described through the perspective of that planet), and so even if someone were on pluto pumping out massive amounts of energetic stuff, it simply doesn't matter. those energetic impulses will be perceived (from the earthly perspective), the way that jupiter/saturn/neptune says that they are. what I mean is, let's say that the scientific community took a serious u-turn on their scientific understanding and decided that it isn't photons, but actually unicorns that are coming in through earth's atmosphere from the sun -- well then, if that's what people believe and want to see, then that's what'll start showing up in the microscopes and stuff. inotherwords, the wave/particle duality debate of quantum physics (and why there's evidence for both), is because some symboic systems want to see waves, and others want to see particles. all manner of manifested sciences (things we look for in the universe) and anything that's discovered will be seen through the symbolic systems of jupiter/saturn/neptune.
so basically, 4th-ray perception (of everything being stable and unchanging) is going to largely go away. now, when it comes to this manifestation for me personally, it means that *I* am the new saturn. I set the minimum speed for everyone to go now, because it's just not working out for jaron to do it (hard to explain this succinctly), and so if I (like uranus) am essentially the reflection of both the fastest, and also the slowest (the first, and the last), then that means that my speed is now going to become the minimum speed for everyone. my goal (with my proposed projects) is to find a way (using the pen-rose) to make the rise from the speed I'm at now (or whenever the project starts) to when I "arrive" to infinity, to take an infinite amount of time, so let's say that they do decide to do the black-mirror-idea instead of me -- well then, pluto (or whatever planet they're perceiving the earth perspective from) will only slowly go farther and farther out, over infinite perioud of time (very very gradually accelerating). I'm wanting to do that basically until I get bored, which is why there's infinite diversity built in to it. I do have to wonder what they want the minimum speed to be though

### 2024-05-13 22:22 - now is the summer of our discontent

this morning I woke up thinking and stuff about stuff (hard to explain what that's like) -- and I strongly feel like I'm being pulled in the direction of the richard-3 tragedy. originally, I was going to title this entry, "an horse, an horse, everything I wanted for an horse" -- but I didn't think that would ... well, it's hard to explain, but here's a try: I think that I'm just going to throw away all of my efforts to try and do something creative, to the wind and just go with a tragedy. I don't really care anymore. I don't really know what exactly is the difference between last night and this morning, but it seems to me that I've stopped caring anymore. it's certain that there will be all sorts of manipulation and stuff like that around whatever is happening (which there isn't much that I can do about).
	actually, come to think of it, it may have been my [explanation yesterday to remi](/dear-remi.md#2024-05-12-1426---defocus-and-attraction) about how their efforts to delete vibration has a strong effect on the reality around me. I paired that explanation with a pretty good description of what it's like when separation happens. I used the example of me being physical and finally going to imaginary, -- but after I wrote that, I had a lot of reactions around it being perhaps the opposite way: ie, I'm in imaginary with them, and they're holding on to me, and when they finally let me go, I'll go to physical and they'll go off into imaginary. I was also thinking about how if indeed we are on pluto, there's a moon that's roughly the same size (charon) -- and that could easily be used for the opposing faction.
		I know that nosebook doesn't represent *all* of the people that are in astral, because -- for example, I really wouldn't consider someone like seriah (though he likes metal and stuff) to be anything like someone that's constantly trying to hold others down. in fact, he seems the opposite. I'd probably say the same thing about the snake-bros too -- and there are certainly others. I never meet those people though, so it's hard to say (I've only listened/seen them digitally). so, almost certainly nosebook isn't the only faction that's around.
	now, let's say that they are in in fact going to finally let me go -- and I go to earth -- that makes for an interesting triad: earth (reflector), and then the other two factions (charactor and actor). so it seems like it could fit pretty well.
	I don't know if they're going to essentially become a galaxy or not, because I don't get any information about anything -- but wherever I go, it seems that I'll be around the attractive/reflectors.
it seems that me "mission" now, is not actually to be creative anymore, but to cause a lot of problems instead. I don't mean physical destruction, but mental destruction (as if I'm not bad enough already writing problematic things). those vibrations will cause a pretty big separation amongst all of us. like I said, I don't think it's a binary separation, but actually trinary (CAR), because the astral/2nd-ray faction seems to be somewhat divided as well.
	if I had to guess the implementation of that, it seems that I'll have to be an emitter for a while -- which is kinda annoying. I really don't want to do sex or anything like that, because I want to be creative, but it seems that until these guys are finally gone, that'll never happen. so, it's probably another case of mars+anatau. you know, I should have written that one now, because there are a whole lot of concepts in that that I need to reference to explain myself. so here's the quick version:
		I've come to notice a repeating trend that seems to happen in history. there's a mars guy (like tychos brahe or richard-2) and he seems to be paired with, and attracted toward anatau in the form of a female vulcan (like sophia or isabella) -- and her attraction is essentially what brings him to the pinnacle of his time on earth. we don't actually know how awesome these guys were, because (like I've noticed with things I've created), the saturnian-system seems very interested in removing anything left behind (kepler commando'ed all of tychos' stuff, and richard-2 was completely rearranged by shakespere and the church). however, richard-3 is a weird guy because he's not mars, but actually vulcan (by shakespere's own description). he was obviously *highly attractive* as well, because even to this day there are lots of people who dispute the sour reputation that history books have given to him. inotherwords, he wasn't an emitter like mars/richard-2 in the sense that he's forcibly converting others to his ideals. so, richard-3 kinda breaks the mars+anatau format.
		anyway, I do consider myself mars+anatau -- but that's really only half of me. the other half (the one that's writing now) I consider to be essentially vulcan+aphrodite. it took me a while to get to that perspective, because I had to realise that I'm reflective/absorbative/reactive, and not just an enlightened emitter, just blasting my symbolic stuff out there. so, in that sense, I'm much more like richard-3 than richard-2. [I'll try and explain this idea a little bit better in time, but for now this is good enough]
	in the narrative of of richard-3, there are a lot of things going on that, are quite interesting -- and even just the little bit of the play that I've read, is quite interesting. I may have to actually do a deep dive into it (I keep meaning to, but I get distracted or do yardwork instead). I'll go over the details there, but there's a lot of really weird things going on. first of all, richard marries anne neville, whos father is named richard -- and in the play he says "I killed her husband and father [... so that I can] become her husband and father" -- which doesn't make a whole lot of sense at all, because anne's father (richard) isn't the same richard-3 (of england). also there's a whole lot of funny business going on around her supposed previous husband (edward) as well, which supposedly died in a battle. he has an elaborate gravestone saying he died *on may fourth* (lol, may the fourth be with him). anyway, richard neville (the father of anne) supposedly died in a battle (barnet), and though nobody really knows exactly where the battle was, some guy erected an obelisk to say, this is in fact where richard (neville) died. the whole thing is really complicated and the only real story we have of what really happened, richard-3 commissioned himself the history to be written (the "rous roll" and "warwick roll" which tell the history of the family). it feels to me there is a lot of things that are made up -- and it appears that some of the characters that rous wrote about only appear there (like anne's first husband edward).
	the general sense that I have of this richard-3 guy, is actually that he's a bit like me. he seems to be quite attractive and stuff, the events that happenned in his life I think are largely fiction -- but were necessary to bring in the tudor dynasty.
		to explain what I mean by this, lemme just get really far-out here and propose an idea: imagine that he did in fact, give up his kingdom (of england) for a horse (in shakespere's terms, a horse is something that you ride on), which is anne. so, let's pretend that richard neville is the same as richard-3 and he basically moves from king, to "kingmaker" and just goes off to do his own thing. instead of remaining as king of england, he marries some girl instead, and the entire "battle of bosworth" thing is is an entirely constructed narrative (by his own commissioning, through rous and others), and all of this is done, essentially so that the tudors can rise into power (a self-fulfilling prophecy, because shakespere (which is the mars+anatau of the tudors) is the main guy that produces this alternate story) -- meaning that the tudors essentially write themselves into history and richard-3 just allowed it to happen (in exchange for a horse: anne). shakespere is notabe in that his plays tend to support a vulcan bing in power over a mars -- so I feel like this whole transition (along with the tudor dynasty) is a shift in power from the mars guys ruling directly, to them now shaping and steering the world through entertainment and scripted media (like theatre and later television). that change is a pretty big one, and is largely what it feels like I'm doing here now, because I've stopped caring. I'll yield and allow all of the mars guys out there just do whatever they want and make up whatever story they feel. my history and everything that I've tried to do will get completely changed to fit whatever narrative they want to have. the reason why, is I realise I didn't write it for them; I wrote it for me. *I* was the one that was figuring out all of that stuff about emotions and things like that. in their world (I'll call it "the demiurge"), I will no longer exist in the way that I am now. their earth will be whatever they want it to be -- and I posit that there may even be *two new earths*, not just one -- cause all they have to do is to make the imaginary cell that's separating have two polarities, and off they go. it all seems good to me. after they're gone, I'll just figure out what I want to do and do that.
it's kinda weird to think about myself as sorta bowing out of the whole situation like that, because I've played such a influential role to so many people, and then "just like that he's gone" (verbal as kaiser sose). cause I'll be here and I'll be doing stuff, and out there, there will be an entirely different story that's written about me (sorta like jesus or richard-3).

#### 2024-05-15 14:36 - so what horse do I want?

a few replies to this, because I thought about this entry a lot yesterday -- and saved up my thoughts until the next day (now), cause I wanted some perspective on them (sleep is good for that).
yes, I believe that dudly and elizabeth were also a mars+anatau combo as well, and that elizabeth is the "dark lady" that is referred to in the sonnets (which may have been written by vere -- because I think both of them were going after her -- cause I do feel she was a source of a lot of their rivalry). anyway, she's described as a "dark lady", and I can't say for sure exactly what shakespere is referring to, because he was (obviously) much more visual than I am, but there are a number of girls that (especially when they're young), appear black to me -- and I don't mean brown like most "black" people are, but actually black like coal. it's an interesting effect that I don't really know how to describe, because when I look at a person, I can see their physical body and stuff -- but over the top of their physical body is another appearance which usually appears to me as whatever I want to see them as (especially for reflectors) -- which makes it so that I see some girls as significantly more attractive than they are physically. I can also see their physical body too, but this conceptual body overlays on the top for me.
	I can't say for sure, but after my time watching stars, and other methods of exploration into higher frequency light, I believe that this colour is probably comes from x-ray+ light frequency that the body either emits or receives (cause it's black). I've also come to associate these coceptually black girls with vulcan types. though -- I will have to say that it shows up a lot more with the white-skinned girls, cause I'm fairly certain that allie is a female vulcan, but she doesn't appear black to me like sophia (brahe and dentzel), jessica (when she was young), isabella (richard-3), abby (a girl I met at friendly harbor), or elizabeth (dudly). all of those girls have really white skin, so the effect is really noticeable. I've only figured that allie is a female vulcan because she *feels* like one. I've also kinda wondered about sesily as well, because she also *feels* kinda like one, but because she's older and has a lot of symbolic stuff she's learned over the years, it's hard to tell -- though she was conceptully quite receptive. essentially, I associate that feeling I'm around them, which is sorta like being around something that's extremely black, absorbing all light (hard to describe the feeling, but I've seen a blue and black butterfly where the black part on its wings has a similar feel to it).
anyway, the other thing that I've been concerned with is, OK, so what exactly do I want, then? in the sense of richard-3, I also want a girl that I can be both her husband and her father -- as in, from the time she's born, I want to essentially raise her the way I want to raise her (obviously as a reflection of myself) -- so, she's going to be doing what she wants to be doing (all of the time) -- and that'll be the main thing that she does. she'll figure out how to want something, and then attract it -- and for the other stuff, she'll be really good at figuring out how to change her perception of something so that it becomes something she wants to be doing (cause if she doesn't want to do it, then I don't think she should do it). she'll be the biggest "brat" in the symbolic perspective that we have for society, and completely incabable of being around non-attractive people (far worse than me). the other reason why I want to essentially raise a girl since day zero, is because I actually have plans for her: in the black-mirror-idea (which I'm still wanting to keep thinking about), one of the three dimensions are 2nd-ray girls that are 1st-ray (pure-desire) in perception -- and that's something I want to practise with her as well. even if I don't actually get a solar girl to try this out on immediately, I do like the idea of practising the idea.
	if she is actually a 2nd-ray (solar) girl, there's no way we can actually have sex, because it would probably cause a major upheaval -- so, put this into the bigger scheme of things: we'll around each other, completely inseparable and stuff, but because of her genetics, she won't be able to physically accomplish any of her desire with me (in the form of sex) -- but imagine that there are other girls around (let's say other of these black/vulcan girls), who are actaully attractive, and they're having sex with me -- well then, she's really going to have to figure out how to "feel the way that she wants to feel" and "not need conditions to be a certain way for her to feel good". I don't know how long I want to do this with her (cause it sounds a bit like torture in the first 20-30y or so), but I have the plan to try and keep that going with her for 50 years. at 50 (1 more than 7x7), I'm pretty certain that she will have accomplished the ability to feel any way she feels like feeling, and to do anything she sets her mind to. she'll also be quite magical in that she'll have tremendous attraction capability. the thing is, I feel like a bit of a hypocrite though if I were to do this to her and also be having sex with others -- cause that seems a bit unfair (to her), so I want to actually accomplish *for myself* first, what it is that I'm going have her do: inotherwords, I'd prefer to actually do the same thing too, and not have sex for 50+ years, though I'm around (or am married to) someone that is. I really don't like being a hypocrite in that way at all ("do as I say, not as I do") -- and kinda want to prove myself before having her do that (which is my only reservation on this idea).
		my reasons for wanting to do it this way are many: [I have a few disagreements with the stars on how they perceive things](/dear-main-sequence-stars.md), and I really want them to actually become attractive (pitch black, and pure-desire) because I think that'd be amazing for them. they can accomplish everything that they do now, already, but without needing to sacrifice or any of those other symbolically disempowering ideas. all she has to know is how to feel the way she wants to feel, and she has all of the power. she doesn't need to be the biggest, brightest, or most powerful either (traits which is usually found in the male solar emitters -- like greg).
	there is a way to come up with a symbolic system which can accomodate pure-desire and only-attraction, and that's what I want to teach her -- then when she's 50, we have sex and a new solar regime starts.
as for the other girls, I don't really know, but I'm pretty certain that venus is out. it has to be the vulcan girls probably -- but I don't know how I want to set it up. also, the main difference between me and richard-3, is that I can't actually be secretive about my intentions of wanting to do the black-mirror-idea -- cause I've already written about it and stuff like that -- so my editors will have to redact all of that. I'm not capable of living a dual reality like richard-3, cause (being pure-desire) I can only go toward what I want. I also can't pretend to be pure-desire and start keeping secrets, or having levels of information or any of that symbolic stuff. I am what I am, and there's no way that I can be anything else. so, I have to be fourthright with what I want.
	one of the ideas that stuck with me was actually the 1000+24 idea with let's say 1000 girls that are 0-6yo, and then 24 "elders" which are 7-11yo. and then we can just grow up together and stuff (I think that'd be really cool). I don't know about the logistics and stuff, because that's a lot of people -- and also I dunno where all of these girls will be located either (around the planet?). anyway, I'm still kinda in planning phase, cause I don't really know. another idea I had just now is maybe start with the 24 and then figure out the other ones later.
man, I'm still going to have to keep thinking about this... to be continued.

### symbolic systems, complexity as a manifestation of desire, the mayas/romans,etc.
