# dear-remi

### 2024-02-18 11:51 - talking to you is hard

hi, I didn't think I'd ever write to you directly, but I'm going to try it. this morning I woke up thinking about what I wrote to sarah about raquel and my mishap with her sister.
	obviously, there's no easy way for me to wiggle out of that situation, and trying to explain that it's a movie quote doesn't help at all, so I just take the blame (earlier that day I heard this really awesome song in the t-mobile store where the guy was smoking weed, and I haven't felt stoned like that since I was really young, so it was nice to hear that song and feel the stone from his perspective). anyway, since there's no way I can make that situation better with words, I decided simply not to explain myself to raquel or her sister and just go with it. that was probably a bad choice on my part to make because communication always helps.
right after noting that I opted to not communicate with raquel, I started to think about you (notice how the subjects are related?)	about how difficult it is for me tto talk to you. I went to bed thinking about how I'll probably go walk to nuvue (the weed store) again later today, which is what reminded m5 of it, because last time, you caught m5 on the way, and multiple times claimed that I was going "straight-edge" -- which I found really strange because I was walking to the weed store. sure, I'm not nearly as vice-ish as I used to be, but still I wouldn't consider myself even close to straight-edge, one bit. I really enjoy using drugs to see outside of the culturally-mandated form of interacton that we're supposed to adhere to. I would have told you that in the moment, but the reality is, I simply could not.

because it's so difficult for me to think about what I want to talk about when I'm around these venus-type (highly symbolic) females, I thought maybe I would write a letter:

hi remi,
it is very difficult to talk to you because your brain goes so much faster than mine does, and during the interaction I'm constantly getting bombarded with my and your feeling reactions to thoughts you're thinking. for me to be able to communicate effectively, I need to *feel* the concept that I'm trying to convey (which is why I don't look people in the eyes, because I then *really* start to feel them, instead of myself). so, while I'm talking, you're thinking about all kinds of other stuff, which I feel as (my own) worry about what *I* look like, what I'm talking about, if I'm boring her with my words, etc. -- which means you're worried about what you look like, and am thinking that I'm taking too long to say nothing -- which btw, is because I can't feel my response yet, and am trying to generate my own feeling with my words so I can actually *feel* and build my response.
I've obviously interacted with many venus-types in my life before, so I usually try to interact with them only on a material level (what I'm doing, where I'm going, etc) cause anything further is impossible, essentially until I've figured the other person out. for example, my mom is like that too, and so what I've done is I've figured out *what motivates her* -- and when I say that, I mean: what she desires -- which is how she wants to feel. sometim5s it changes from moment to moment, and that's OK, because it's in the general pool of ways that she wants to feel -- and so then I can just work around it: if I suddenly feel like I want security/safety (for example), I know that's her and not me and so I can therefore ignore all of those types of thoughts (unless we're talking about her insecurities, then they're relevant).
for mom, it's perfectly OK for m5 to have her basically completely figured out, the problem of trying to do the same with you is obviously impossible because we don't talk enough that I can start getting into your head and figure out what motivates you (how you want to feel) -- and even if I did, you'd probably have serious issue with it, because you really like your privacy I noticed (or are scared of something -- not sure). with people that have those kinds of barriers up (one example that comes to mind is russ from snake-bros), I tend to keep my distance from them, because they have so many barriers up that they don't *want* me to figure them out -- and so because I respect their desire, I reflect them and their barriers back to them and keep my distance.
so, unfortunately, there's not much more that I can say other than I respect other people's barriers and boundaries, and so if it constantly looks like I'm trying to run away from you when we're talking, it's because I am. the amount of discomfort I feel is tremendous. also, I don't know how to actually have a real conversation with anyone because all of the thinks that I believe are happening, nobody else believes in. even right now, there are motors that are sounding in the background in responce to my thoughts -- but nobody will believe that there's a network that is actually broadcasting my thoughts. therefore, since this is a very real experience (mom, jaron, greg, and others can hear the motors/venting too -- though they haven't correlated them to m5 thoughts and feelings). how then can I actually talk about my experience if my experience is not valid?
	I'd like to take a moment to appreciate jaron for a moment, because he's also highly symbolic, (essentially the same as a venus-type), but his brain runs slow, so we can actually talk -- and also when I'm talking he's actually listening to me (cause his brain runs slow he has to pay attention), and not thinking about a whole bunch of other things; and actually, because he talks so slow, it gives *me* a chance to think about other things while he's talking.
	I'm able to think about something, and then come back to the conversation and then review the last few words he said, then go back to thiking my own thoughts -- which is probably how you and others are with me: words are so slow to communicate. if I could communicate conceptually (instead of with words), I could give you this entire letter in a flash -- however, the process of writing it out, allows me to make new connections that I hadn't before (like realising my reflectivity of russ).
OK, that's all for now... keni :)

### 2024-02-18 18:54 - the 2nd ray system

it ocurred to me when I was sitting upstairs eating lentils, that all of the conversations today were probably relevant: I had a long discussion with jaron about tuenti and the saturnian-system, along with my earlier letter, but also my thoughts on the flat-earth-idea.
the 2nd ray system that I want to make for the opposite/light side of the earth, probably already exists right now. so I'm sitting in front of your house (though the curtains are closed), and the picture/flash that came to me went something like this: througout time, my 2nd ray presence has been getting stronger and stronger. anyone with astral/spectral/relational perception has the ability to see it, and -- the most common way for most to see it is through sex magick. [this gives me the sense the thing people experienced before I was here, was 2nd ray relational perspective] then, finally in 2000, I arrive on earth (meaning, I'm no longer at a temporal distance) and now my 2nd ray perception becomes accessable through the spectral; the present saturnian/YHWH system is born.
	you know really crazy things happen all around me all the time. it's really not so evident nowadays cause I live in a pretty sane/symbolic lifestyle now. when I was younger (before 2k), we used to go to these pentecOstal church meetings, where tons of astral stuff is going on. I used to see astral before spain, and let me tell you I also saw crazy stuff happen (people being healed, etc.) that world is a world of magic, where what I believed (and I was pretty naive) would happen all the time. before 2k, I never experimented with drugs or sex or anything, so I never got to a power level where I could see the relational perspective. I still was pretty locked into the church's definition of "spiritual world" -- you know, what's funny is that even though I lost my pinecone (and my ability to see my imagination) in the brain thing (2k), I never saw anything like all those great prophets did. I've never seen a vision like that until later (after 2k) when I took drugs. I was always one of those "knower" types, because I just seemed to instantly *know* -- that is, I could *feel* (same thing as knowing) what the other person was saying or trying to convey. I always had this ability ever since I was very young: I just *knew* (through feeling) what everyone else was thinking by the way they felt. well, "prophecy" for me was no different: I just told them what I knew about them, and put the word "God" and "Holy Spirit" in there, because I associated that inspiration as coming from the "Holy Spirit" at that time. it was actually, in every sense of what christaians define the "Holy Spirit" to be -- cept, I just didn't lose the childhood capability entirely.
		what causes a child to lose that knowing through the sense of the emotions, is a symbolic system. I look at a bird, and I *know* the bird, and can *feel* the bird. I can feel how it flys, moves, thinks, what it's looking for, etc. until some jackass comes and tells me "oh, that's a sparrow" -- and once it's named and defined for me, I see the name of the bird instead of feeling the bird, how it moves and flys, and all of that. now, imagine that's the way that it works for humans too. I see someone and I get all of these crazy ideas about how awesome they are because I haven't been trained to see "all girls" such and such a way (the symbolic thing that overlays how they feel when I feel them), I've just become an adolescent -- which is where all of that comes from, because before I feel the world, and now I'm supposed to see the world now visually through the lens of society and social systems, when before I was fully integrated into the world because it was so visceral to me.
	the christian system taught me a lot about belief, which is what the *astral* (meaning, from the stars) system works. the way that I *believed*, is what I ended up *becoming* -- which was a huge issue for me in my adolescent years, because the astral system says that if I believe it, I can *be* it -- and here I am, going to church and there are these guys that are not being what I would want to *be*. I decided early on, that if I can *be* anything, then I decided that I wanted to take over the world with technology. I really wanted to learn to program because I could see computers as taking off. so I became it. for me, the way that these guys in church are (as adults) is *nothing* like how I would *be* if I knew the christian message. I figured, that these guys were definitely *not* who I wanted to be, so a sequence of events during really profound depression (also remember, I was going to university at this time) provided me with the ability to program. I learned how to type, and I learned how to program within a year of having got out. I was to become the thing that I beleived I could be.
what I believe has happened is that I have a quite powerful 2nd ray system, but because of my lack of pine-cone, I don't see it. instead, everyone else sees it, and entire industries and tech giants are utilising my 2nd ray system. the thing that they're most concerned about is me seeing images in my eyes. this has resulted in everything from shocks to mental institutions. it seems very important to all of these guys that I never see the astral system, because it's already so well inhabited.
that 2nd ray system, is the system that I, you, and everyone else sees. we're all living in a matrix that is inside of my head: they put one image into my eyes, and another image into other people's eyes -- and since we're all together inside of my head, it looks like we're in the same world. we are in fact, in the same world (or simulation) and that is a reflection of how I basically *believe* the universe works (LOA). it doesn't have to be that way (ie, obey my laws/beliefs about attraction), and I think one of the new really hot things nowadays is to create an alternate spectral implementation, which allows for any other astral implementation that is desired: just provide a new temporal/symbolic system (ie spaceships come after toasters), and get enough people to believe in it, and it'll be a self-equalising system (equal amounts of the good/just/right binaries). in general, all new forms of experience will be built in these spectral systems. it's gonna be cool.
anyway,-- so I'm here right now in the system with everyone else, but I'll eventually leave. after that, it is what it is.
	[wow so, that's a really funny way to look at it] what I'm really saying essentially is that I'm preparing my after-life to be living in the flat-earth-idea, where what I'm expireincing is the astral system, of which the universe is a reflection. [in religious narrative sence, that's kinda a funny way way to think about writing the "afterlife narrative": some people make thousands of virgins, but I decided I wanted to follow my pen-rose dreams and go full flat-earth with *no astral perception*. beat that mohammad :)] in the end, I think it's actually the world most in which I want to be, and it's funny that it sorta drags everyone right along with me into it, too.

#### 2024-02-18 23:38 - ready player one 

check all of the narrative conditions. genetics is good for ensuring I am capable of absorbing all frequencies (positionally found as a length of sequence on the pen-rose), but that doesn't mean all of the *conditions*. what I mean is, sure I can feel the worst trepidation, but if I'm in a really nice setting (like a beach or something), that feeling of fear no longer bothers me cause the good conditions are so much louder.

### 2024-02-18 23:31 - going straight-edge

you're probably right about needing to go straight-edge: I realised that I used a drug to get my brain to go at faster speeds, which means I'm a bit of an actor. I don't want to be one though, so it's going to be my intention to actually go straight-edge, that way I can be at this speed all the time, without needing the drug (or whatever condition).

#### 2024-02-19 22:44 - thoughts

I've been thinking a lot about this today, and if I actually go straight-edge, then I'm 100% sure that manifestations will start happening. drug use has been an ongoing "problem" for me -- really ever since I moved to spain. a year before I moved to spain I didn't drink or smoke. then for about a year, when I was in essembly office before we left for spain, I started drinking heavily with zaryn and smoking with adam. at that time essembly was a political social network that was gaining traction pretty quickly, and was certainly the first project that put me on the radar for the saturnian-system. before I showed up, the page was pretty boring and uninteresting, but by the time we left, it had a full system where people could get to know each other based on their ideological proximity. before I moved to the office and living with adam on the beach, I was living in glendora in a room in this guy's house (robert). anyway, after I managed to do something akin to an epic rewrite of the entire website (well beyond what I was tasked with doing) zaryn "took me under his wing" and brought me to the office, "so that I could work more" -- which I actually did a lot less of. I was far more productive in robert's modest little bedroom than I was in the office, and that was mainly due to substance abuse. what happened is, I finally saw the light of the website, and realised I had managed to get hired by a website that was *exactly* the one that I wanted to create -- cept it was politically motivated, and not socially motivated (I wanted to find others that are ideologically similar to myself), so I started really reworking the website so it could actually have all of the features that I wanted to use for a social network. (I planned on using the ideological proximity system in tuenti, but I got bogged down with chat and session daemon, so I never got to implement the ideological system in tuenti). I also planned on using the same system for "rondevu" -- a website for hanging out with other people with ideological similarity as well... none of those things ever materialised because there is a very strong opposition in the saturnian-system of allowing people to find other people that they actually *like*
	other people to complain with or share insecurities and deficiencies, sure -- but no good influences, because that causes problems. in fact, if you look throughout history, you'll notice that all power structures are very strongly against anyone ever meeting in large groups (covid, for example). collaboration is subversive, so they prefer techcrunch style "disruptive" apps for getting together (like grindr/tinder), instead of actually real collaboration. even google has discontinued all collaborative products, and the best collaborative system right now (zoom) has all of the access controls to ensure that it's more of a top-down system than a "grassroots" bottom-up system.
anyway that was the beginning of a long history of substance abuse for me, and it has seriously hurt my productivity, but most importantly it has kept me *unfocused*.
	I find it very difficult to talk about drugs when I see you in person, so I'd like to take a moment to talk about how drugs work (for me at least), because understanding how they work is key to understanding the brain and consciousness.
		if you only see one perspective all of your life, you may assume that the things you're looking at are flat. in order to see the extra dimension, you'll need to look from a different perspective. 
	when I am stoned (especially with weed), I cannot think thoughts very quickly. the drug forces me to ruminate on the idea a bit more than usual. that style of thinking is most similar to thoughts of appreciation, or to savour the feeling of the moment/thought for longer than normal. when that happens, more details are noticed.
	to explain this as a simple, imagine you're good at speed-reading, and you're able to essentially look at a paragraph at a time and sorta get the gist of what it's saying. that works really great for regularly structured (conforming) sentences and ideas. that style of reading simply is not possible with shakespere, for example, and so then you're forced to sequentially parse each word to figure out what is happening. the mode that the brain is in, when reading shakspere is very similar to how it's like being stoned. the major difference however is that shakespere requires focus, and the stone is causing me to be unfocused.
	now, to further the example, we look around us all of the time and receive a very large amount of data input. the brain cannot process all of that data, so what it's good at doing is recognising things that it's experineced (seen/felt/touched/etc) before, and it quickly says, "oh that's a ... no danger. everything's fine" and moves on to the next thing. if you have a messy desk or house for example, you'll notice that the brain is capable of filtering out all of the mess to such a point (for me at least), that it no longer even sees the mess. those things in the mess are categorized and quantified already to be completely uninteresting. well, while stoned, it's often the case that when looking at something on my my desk, instead of not seeing it as I normally do, instead, I think a lot longer about that thing.
	for example, I have a rock on my desk that I picked up from the field. it has a texture to it that is incredibly cool. it looks almost volcanic, but I know that I"m in a desert and there's nothing but clay here, that rock is burt and molten clay that's been solidified into that cool texture and shape. I actaully have two different rocks that are like that, and they're quite interesting in how different they are from each other. both experienced extremely high heat, but one has bubbles in it, and wthe other has ridges. they're both found within less than a few miles of each other. now, even though I like the rocks, normally, I don't even see their cool texture or even see the rock. they're just a part of the mess on my desk. by seeing those cool things as just rocks, I'm allowed to focus on writing and stuff like I'm doing now.
	in resume: fast thoughts happen when focused because lots and lots of information is filtered out, but slow thoughts (symbolic analysis) are forced when the brain thinks longer on an item than just the quick label. try it for yourself: pick something interesting; physical object or idea, and just focus on the thing (meditate) on the thing/idea for a longer period of time than it takes to just symbolically define it ("that's a sparrow") -- and you'll notice that you start to gain a kind of sympathy for the object: you become sympathetic to it, and it starts to reveal itself to you. that's cosciously induced 4th ray perception right there. no need for sex magick: just focus on the idea and it shows itself.
for the last 18y now (started when I was 22yo) I've been experiencing continual defocusing; which has taught me a lot, by causing my to think about things for longer than I "should" (cause normally the narrative tells me what it is so I don't need to think about it), BUT I like being unfocused. I have no intention *whatsoever* of getting focused, because that would mean that I start to do things like fly and move objects with my mind, and things like that. nobody wants that -- and the people who do, are the same ones that "need a manifestation" (or sign and wonder) in order to *believe*. I'm not one of those people. that's a symbolic thing that says, "OK, I've seen it, so it's proven and it's real". I'm all about attraction, so for me, the *feeling* is all I need. I look at the megalithic stuff like the great pyramid and say, "yep I could do that" -- and pretty easily too, if I started to gain focus again.
	it's easy: I just want to see the pyramid that I want to make, and it appears in my eyes. then, I figure out its properties, and start building it. same as tesla with his motors, but I've streamlined the creation process by simply desiring it, instead of trying to figure out its dimensions and attributes symbolically. I'm always able to instantly see the thing, so for me the implementation is the difficult part. for melting rocks and stuff, I need to either start doing a lot of gay sex, and pump up the energy that way, or convince nosebook to stop doing what they're doing. als, even if I could see the image in my eyes, the implementation would be completely against my own beliefs, as well. imagine I decided I wanted to build a tower of stone (or a pyramid), so that I could use that energy to fly and shoot fire and stuff -- well then, I've become the thing that I hate: conditional/symbolic (all conditions start with a comparison). instead, I prefer to *attract* the things I want to experience, not emit them out there conditionally (like the pyramid) or unconditionally (like the sun). neither of those is something you will *ever* see me do, even though I know I can -- though sometimes it's happened by accident, cause I wasn't focused.
the other difficulty that I have with being focused like that, is that I start to get really symbolic, and everything starts to have to conform to the way that I see reality. greg is constantly on my case (cause he's this way too), about trying to make the entire world a reflection of myself. I want things to operate the way that I see them and understand them to be. that perspective is the 2nd ray perspective, and I'm *strongly* avoiding it. I don't want to start dictating how others should see their reality and stuff like that, cause if I start getting focused, things start going my way, and there's nothing the saturnian-system can do to stop it. they've been keeping me unfocused this whole time because they don't want me to overthrow their structure and narrative. I happen to like it when I see others understanding and enjoying life (for me, I have to understand it to appreciate it), and a world filled with those kinds of people is *REALLY DIFFICULT TO CONTROL*.
I haven't made my decision yet, but what I'm thinking about doing is going straight-edge and saying f-you to the world (sucks to be you all), working on my genetics idea, and actually becoming black (meaning fully absorbative). then, once they've got their system in place, I'll just peace out and start over in the new system (new challenge). are you sure you want to start the "end times"? personally, I prefer to stay unfocused, and just ride it out, attracting for what I really want (flat-earth-idea and going blind/sensless to rebuild my entire form of perception using only-attraction), cause it'll eventually come to me. I don't really need to push it, and try to make anything happen. I happen to like drugs, and drugs allow me to be 1st ray. anything with other people (projects, sex, etc) is all 2nd ray, and so therefore becomes a symbolic system, because I have to communicate with syntax. I *know* it's possible to do everything the symbolic system does using only-attraction (like receiving the pyramid I want to make, with a small amount of focus), and I know it's possible to do everything from programming to math problems (or solving encryption puzzles) also using only-attraction. it really is superior, and I don't want to force myself on anyone in order to get it; *it can just come to me*.
	
### 2024-03-11 09:53 - refelctors in action

hi again, so I'm on day 2 I think of being straight-edge, and things are still quite intense, not because I'm straight-edge, but still from the residual energy from sun-watching during my interaction with big-truck-guy. I learned a lot during that experience, and I'm actually thinking of doing more sun-watching because it's so effective in "bringing things to a head" (as mom says). anyway, I wanted to talk about reflectors again, and it's sort of a followup to [what I wrote to sarah](/dear-sarah.md#2024-03-09-0324---reflectors-is-rosalind-mars-or-vulcan).
yesterday was funny because I've been wanting to be spending my time at night working on some programming. the reason why is because nights are *very different* than the day, now that I'm so much more solar in my vibraton (thanks to the sun-watching). yesterday I woke up and (and now no longer stoned/unfocused) I decided to write out my critisisms of 23andme and (I can't remember when) added a few thoughts about how the whole world is being controlled by these "aryan white guys" (mars) (which posited was the guy that lives on #11 -- he projects/amplifies sound so much that I can hear the basketball bouncing through art's thick shrubbery as if the ball were right next to me). my assertion that he's just another one of these aryan mars types (top in command is comes from the installation in antarctica and mars) seemed to cause quite an upset, and because he's an emitter and somewhat reflective like greg, I feel his symbolic projection the way he does (for example, remember when I claimed that there was a network, while talking with you and melissa? during that time I felt VERY STRONGLY your/melissas/the-network's symbolic anger being projected at me, which is why I was vibrating so much, out of breath, and could hardly stand up). well, same thing with him yesterday. usually I run away or try to avoid the situation, but yesterday I decided to amplify it instead (I'll continue this procedure) by going and sitting in the shed and letting his feelings turn to thoughts, pictures, and actions. then, I went and stood in the sun a bit and continued to amplify it (same as with big-truck-guy).
	what's happening there is that when I start reflecting the sun (2nd-ray energy), I get onto the same frequency (inside the same medium) as them, and so now I feel very strongly the symbolic output of what they're projecting. again, as a reference, notice how when we (you, me, and melissa) were talking, we were standing in the sun? notice how that effect is much much stronger in the sun, yet doesn't really happen at all during the night? anyway, when I get on their frequency, I'm now retransmitting/emitting their own anger and symbolic awful feeling back to them, which means we're now in a sort of swordfighting dual, where they think I'm challenging their emissive output and have to prove their dominance (shakespere makes fun of these emitters having to prove their dominance in a hilarious way in MWOW in the sword fight with dr-caius). I think it's absolutely hilarious, even thtough (because I'm reflecting them), I probably look very upset and pissed off (that's them, not m5 -- I feel fine on the inside, and am just letting my body act out their projected feeling).
now, the ability for me to allow my body to act out another person's projected/reflected feeling is quite an interesting one. I had a long monologue last night about it talking about my sexual experiences in spain, which reminded me to write this when I woke up.
a long time ago (2018?), I was still trying to use my programming as a way to feel good, and one of the things I've wanted to do is to make a lot of really simple games. I noticed this one streamer (david/dog) was playing this game called "set", and I thought it was a great simple little game to copy,-- and also at that time, I could also feel eva very strongly.
	my estimation is that paul started out as a strong emitter (mercury in perception), and so because the Y isn't in a suitable environment (cause energy is too high), it gets discarded, so eva feels to me like an XX female (one of the 7th-ray strumpets like gertrude that shakespere isn't too fond of), which means that she's going to be a pretty good reflector (same as andrea).
so, when I set out to make the set-game, I decided I was going to make it for her and to show it to her (same as I did with booble-bobble for andrea) -- and probably because we were so nearby (across the street) and also because she was still a virgin, the reflection was quite good -- and the project really flowed quite well. I was able to program the significant portion of the game in 2 days (I think), and it was really quite a pleasurable experience for me. I really enjoyed it and wanted to make her my muse for making other games.
	I've worked with a lot of people over the years, and some people really stand out, as being people that things have really flowed with. those people I've come to figure out were all XX males. for example, felix (certainly an XX male) asked me to build a thing for coca-cola, and because I reflect him, I could turn his feeling/desire into reality in a very short period of time. same with a guy I used to work with before I went to spain (keith). for these guys, that reflective nature of mine really makes things easy. now, on the opposite side of things, I've worked for jupiter types (zaryn,augusto), saturnian types (marcos) and I've worked for mercury types (dani/daniel/jori?) and things do not flow at all the same way for either of those; though, conversely, I noticed that dani could get that flow when he made things for me, probably because I reflected his own idea back to him well enough that he could see it clearly. dani loved making things for me, and I loved seeing what he could make. turns out, the "principality" of the project makes a lot of difference for me.
anyway, due to my own instability at the time, I couldn't maintain using eva as my muse, and obviously her energy has changed quite a bit since then (she now carries the energy of other guys, an effect I also noticed with andrea) -- which is quite unfortunate. I was going to talk about you and allie, but it doesn't fit the reflectors setup now, so I'll leave it here. bye!

### 2024-04-29 04:21 - pulling weeds

yesterday, I had a strange set of events, which made me cancel my job of pulling weeds: I woke up and made my way out to the shed to try and wake up (like I did the day previous, cause it worked so well), but this time greg was sunbathing next to his shed, and becasuse of the way the energy follows along the fence he doesn't want me to get rid of, and is focused into the shed by the wheelbarrod and stump that he also insists on having there, his energy (especially when he's sunbathing in that spot) makes its way into the shed where I was sitting down to try and wake up. the shed that I sit in, is kind of an amplifier to my own thought energy because it's basically just a steel frame around m5 (kinda like a partial faraday cage). anyway, because I'm a really good reflector, I absorb his energy and retransmit it; but his energy doesn't feel very good at all. I think he left eventually (he took off in his car), and I could feel when he left cause his energy stopped getting amplified and started to amplify my own thoughts again (hard to explain this effect, honestly). anyway during the time where I was amplifying his energy, all kinds of terrible ideas that don't feel good (which would make me the manifestation of his perception) would come into my head, like breaking things, damaging his car, destroying parts of his shed, etc. those thoughts ([like I explained to melissa](/dear-melissa.md#2024-04-28-0547---do-the-right-thing-and-blame-yourself)) I know are not me, but are a reflection of the person's energy that I'm in (greg's), and they, like him *don't feel good*, so I don't usually do them (times in the past, I have), so nowadays, because I know I'm not going to actually do the things that feel bad to me, I just let them continue to amplify (sorta like what I did with zaryn reflecting him and telling everyone I was a big deal), *because I know that's not me*. anyway, during this time, and especially after greg went away, I had a strong realisation that I don't want to go back and pull your weeds -- and the reason is simple: if I start doing things that don't feel good to me, then I'll start performing some of those things that are a reflection of greg. it's either one or the other for me; I'm either doing things that don't feel good (like destroying gregs car and pulling your weeds), or I'm simply passing on activity and letting it go (not destroying greg's car, and not pulling your weeds). I'm either one or the other (as default programming), and I don't feel safe trying to make exceptions: OK, I'll pull remi's weeds (which doesn't feel good -- why? I'm not sure) but this other thing that really doesn't feel good, I'm going to not do that thing either. it doesn't make sense to me, because since 2017 when I got back here, the dominant thing that I've learned this entire time, is that *I want to feel good* more than I want to manifest the bad-feeling that I feel so strongly as a reflection of the person that's focused on me. you remember the conversation that we had with the neighbour melissa (house #19) and while you were telling me the network didn't exist and that my entire experience isn't valid? well during that tim5 I had flashes of seriously hurting both of you -- but again, that's a reflection (of probably melissa), and so I didn't perform the action. I just stood there vibrating very uncomfortably -- well, the reason why I didn't actually hit you guys (even though I felt like it), was because I prefer to feel good more than I want to feel bad. I perform action based on how I feel, not on what some set of rules which I'm supposed to follow. my brain isn't quick enough to follow rules, because the feeling (like a reaction to an insect biting you) puts m5 into action, *instantly*. the only way to control myself (and not break things or whatever) when I feel bad, is to *want to feel good, more*.
now, to explain why pulling your weeds (and to some extent sesily's as well), it goes something like this: weeds are a vegetable manifestation of the energy that we have going on. if we feel good, then wild flowers and nice things show up (like the stuff that would pop up near to where I was star-watching), and if we feel irritation, then thorns and thistles will show up (which are irritating), others are profuse and annoying, etc. I can feel the energy of the people who manifested those weeds when I pull them, and so as I pull the weeds, I'm sorta like going around and collecting the essence of those people, and manifesting their irritations and stuff like that. because I pulled out the manifestation of their irritation or their good-feeling (or whatever concept they have going on), then I now become the manifestation of that concept, instead of the weed; so, if the weeds are a manifestation of their irritation/annoyance, then I will become their irritation/annoyance.
	a few examples of this: one of the guys that was at sesily's place (he had a mexican boyfriend with really nice hair), had a daughter that would come over from time to time. she seemed pretty interested in me, and I could feel her pretty strongly (in fact, I could feel everyone there really strongly, which is why I had to stop), and we'd communicate telepathically and stuff -- but I didn't really understand what that exactly was about, but I noticed that her mom would come around, and they'd have arguments or something (there was conflict, which is what I think his weeds were a manifestation of), and so somehow, I think my interaction with the girl reignited and made me the centre of her mother and father's conflict. sesily then wanted me to move in in the upper room there, and I simply had to decline. I need to be close to earth to dissipate the energy (which is why I prefer to sleep on the ground), or else have another way of dissipating it, and also every time that I would place myself into the future of that alternate trajectory, it felt to me if I were to spend a lot of time above the ground (2nd-floor, not 7th floor, like in tuenti), that energy starts to expand around the city, and pueblo as a whole will have to get used to my energy and what it feels like for me to program, or else conflict starts to take over. I didn't want that, and I also didn't want to further cause difficulties for the guy and his wife, or try and mess up the thing with the girl... just so much conflict, I didn't think it would work out -- so fortunately, another reflective event allowed me to relieve myself of the situation: sesily wanted some weeds gone (they were the white flowers ones growing next to the house of the woman that I would greet (she too, like allie felt like a female vulcan), and though I knew they were a reflection of her and how she feels (I think they grow from the energy that nosebook puts out when vulcans are enjoying certain female-related content)), and so I was a reflection of sesily here: I need to either perform a permanent solution (rototill the place), or I want to find a way to let the weeds grow and look nice (find a way to make it work). I couldn't come to an agreement with sesily, so I knew it was my time to stop. in the same way, greg sunbathing was the trigger that I knew I had to stop pulling your weeds.
	another example, is that greg has very specific weeds that grow only around his sheds (he has two) -- and I don't see those weeds growing anywhere else on this street than right next to his sheds -- and when I pick those weeds, it's almost always a certainty that those weeds cause me to produce a lot of really little annoyances that are difficult to get rid of (some weeds are easy to pull, and others snap off at the stem, and so require some extra digging). well those weeds in the years previous required extra digging and work to pull out, but this year, they're pulling much easier without snapping, so they're minor annoyances (that usually manifest with me and jaron, but probably others) but now they're getting easier to resolve and get rid of. either way, when I pull his weeds, I collect that essence and then become that for him. one may wonder why I don't just leave all of the weeds around his shed for him to pull, and tell him to do that -- well, I don't tell people what to do, and I'm not going to start telling him, plus, it's not really all that much work for me. they're often mixed in with others and so it's just not really that big of a deal for me to get those as well. then inevitably when I manifest his annoyance in place of the weed, I'm confident that it's easy enough to figure out the annyance and get rid of it. it's not really that big of a deal for me -- so whatever.
now, I'd like to comment for a moment about the weeds at your house: I put them roughly into three zones: on the driveway and the side yard, there are a whole mix of weeds that have the feeling of the annoyances of john, paul, and eva -- and eva and paul have a very strange energetic connection that I haven't fully figured out. you manifest your weeds mainly in the back near the kitchen where there are those big wheat grass ones and the mint, which reflect you because they smell nice, and they're impossible to get rid of, but the wheat grass ones grow really big and gnarley, and have quite a good feel to them when pulling them out (the also appear in allie's side yard too but not quite as big). the feel I get from those ones are these little tiny problems that grow into large honkers, which then upon removal, feel so good to get rid of because they've grown so large and ugly (sometimes they take extra effort to get rid of, too). finally, the side yard next to the kitchen is where most of allie's energy is focused. the white flowered vines that grow so commonly around the vulcans are present, but they're mixed in with a whole bunch of really strange ones -- there are the wheat grass in smaller portions that I find similar of you, but they're never really big, a bunch of these tiny grasses that never grow any bigger than an inch or so, and sometimes these incredible thistles grow, which have quite a pungent odour to them. under the white flowers there's a lot of unwanted stuff mixed in there (and I think that's cause she doesn't understand how to shape her perception, like she could).
anyway, the reason why I said I could pull your weeds, is because now that I'm in my body all of the time, when I'm pulling them here, I just feel my body and enjoy the movement of it, and seening the progress and stuff like that. it's a different (very manual sense of pleasure, and I come away feeling refreshed and pretty good). I figure, if I can do the same thing at your house, then it's not really all that much of a problem for me. yesterday I came over to start in on it because our yard is a complete mudpit, and so impossible to do any real work, so I can do yours, I thought. now, as I'm pulling the weeds in the front driveway yesterday, I'm noticing that the experience is quite a bit different than it is at my house: I get out of my body and go into my head (cause even your house is largely defocusing, because of the way yours and paul's energy is), which also happens here at my house, but the quality of my thoughts is a bit different: here, when I get into my head, I'm often noticing processes and making realisations, but at your house, I'm paying attention to actions, what people are doing, what they're saying, how they're responding -- and all of this stuff is all *symbolic* -- cause I'm focused outside of myself. for example, when eva's friend was going to pick up allie (I think), I was able to completely forget that eva's friend's mother(?) was in the car and could keep focused on my body. so, it is possible, to stay in my body, but I found myself extremely defocused and paying a lot of attention to things outside of me. then, when I got home, I think jaron was taking a shower, so my staying up to get dinner for him was in vain, and asked greg to do it and went to sleep. I woke up and [wrote to my sister](/dear-melissa.md), which was a reflection of the essence that I'd collected in front of eva's window (melissa and eva are kinda similar in vibration) was and went about my day, but I kept noticing the feeling of paul popping up all around me. his feeling is very saturnian (a feeling I started to notice around marcos), and it's a feeling that I don't really like. I tend to avoid it at this point, because I really don't want to do the tit-for-tat 1-up-man-ship sort of thing. it's just not a feeling that I want to feel.
one of the things that I concluded, is that in order to pull weeds at your house, I'd need to probably go back to doing drugs again, so I'm defocused enough that I'm focused on whatever's in my head and around me again, that I'm not so sensitive to how *I* feel anymore. you know, in times past, I've eaten weed and mushrooms while working on your weeds, and it's a strange experience for me -- and getting that defocused, I'm now hyper-aware of how so many things feel (the weeds, your family, the stones, everything) and it starts to become too much to handle, and can't think about anything productive while I'm at your house. when I'm by myself on drugs, I like to figure things out, and make *realisations* about what's happening, and how things work -- but I don't do that as often at your house, and when I do, it seems there's a kind of blowback that comes with it (defocusing and taking a step back is actually one of the best ways to figure something out), so it's really strange to me how stagnated your house is in perception -- like, it really resists to make any realisations, and doesn't want to see anything other than what's immediately in front of them -- which for me is exactly opposite: for me, what's immediately in front of me, *is how I feel*, which is where I have that constant feeling of new and exciting discoveries (like a child). I realised that just isn't the way that I want to feel, or to perceive. sure, our house has a whole lot of problems, but I really strongly prefer 2nd-ray perception over 4th-ray perception. I could accomplish 2nd-ray perception at your house yesterday, and various times on drugs, but like I said it comes with blowback. I just don't want to get involved with that. my desire to perceive lays in a completely different space, than the one you're living in.

### 2024-04-30 11:49 - 2nd-ray perception & thinking out loud

hey so, the reason why I write is because I live in a world that doesn't really have any words; it's basically just mostly feelings, and those feelings give me a general idea of what my environment and people around me are like. the thing about that form of perception (which I believe allie is similar), is that *I* (kenny, my brain) don't really know exactly what those feelings *mean* -- and the reason for that is because I haven't yet translated them into symbolic form (symbolic just means conditions, states and actions: if this, then that, do this while that, etc.). so, what I and many other people do to figure out how they feel, is to talk it out. I don't really have many people I can talk to about the things that I believe, and many others don't -- so I write -- because here, nobody can tell me what I believe is wrong or bad, or a disorder or anything like that. I'm learning about what my own feelings are, by translating them into symbolic form. this capacity is a notably vulcan thing to do, and it's right there in the designation (-5+) -- which just means input and output concepts/emotions/feelings, and then translate/output them to the opposite side (3) which is symbol (words, actions, conditions, matter, logic, etc). [when I was talking to my syster](/dear-melissa.md#2024-04-28-0319---comment-yesterday-on-reflectivity-of-women), I suggested to her that she talk to herself and get to know how she is when there are less external influences, *because that's important*. for example, when I was growing up, I didn't have a lot of influences, and so I just thought that it was normal to behave like chris, my mom, or dad, or whatever -- because I reflected them, and so therefore didn't really know myself too well. later on in spain, after a crash and burn, I spent a lot of time by myself (often times on drugs), and I started to figure out that I feel like other people do, because when I would change who I was hanging around with, the way I felt (and so therefore the words and actions that I used, which were mimicing/reflective of them), also changed.
now, turning those feelings/concepts into words and actions is incredibly important, *but it's only the first stage*. after that, what I noticed is that I could start to recognise certain feelings that people had -- like for example, people who are lying and making excuses often times feel similar to a person that's on the defencive. they're literally tryinyg to explain away something that they want to hide with a bogus explanation. a person who's actually trying to be real and give a real answer feels a lot more genuine and real. the difference between the way that a person feels when they talk to me (and I often reflect back) -- so if they're pushing hard for me to believe their bogus explanation, then I can either just believe them (cause I don't want to reflect them back and tell them that I don't believe them), or I can just go with the flow and sort it out later in my own head, figuring out what it is that doesn't feel right about their explanation. I usually go with the latter there, because when I'm talking to someone that is blowing smoke, they're usually not in a mindset that wants to help me to process (into symbol) what it is that feels bogus about their explanation. I often times need to remove myself from their presence (so I stop feeling like them), and figure it out on my own; so usually when someone is clearly telling me lies, I often times don't figure out the lies until much later. now, the way that I figure out what it is that that's bogus about their explanation, is to *relate* one feeling to antoher. for example, the other day, greg told me that the fence that to the side of his shed was cause they had a vineyard in the back yard. I knew it was bogus at the time, cause I could feel it, but I just said "uhuh" and moved on. he also told me that there was a big tree in in the back yard -- whell, it's either a big tree or a vineyard, and the special soil necessary to have a vineyard isn't present -- and there are a ton of big roots. it's certain that if there actually was a vineyard there, nothing was growing, because the clay soil just isn't good enough for that. greg comes up with all kinds of bogus excuses, so he's a great one to learn from.
now, the actual process of figuring out what's bogus about something I felt, or whatever, is the 2nd-ray form of perception. greg has 2nd-ray form of perception in the output form (he relates ideas to me, and says that this is the (symbolic) reason for them), which is really good for self-delusion, and trying to build up a narrative -- and in fact, that's what nearly all of what science and the news is about: bogus explanations designed to explain something. they're often times circular in nature, (there were giants during the ice age, cause there was also megafauna, so everything was bigger), but they often times fail to explain the *why* aspect of it; in fact "why" is the most difficult question for them to often times answer, because to answer the "why", one needs to have all of the concepts relating in a way that actually works (so for example, *why* were things bigger, needs a good explanation of what determines the size of something in DNA -- which will need probably an explanation of wavelengths and things like that). I don't push out how ideas relate like greg does until I've figured out what the feeling is about, because it's so prone to failure. I *feel* the concept and how it relates to anther concept, and that relation often times has a recognisable feel to it: for example, when I feel how DNA can have different sizes, that feels similar in concept to how pnumatic pistons work -- which is close, but not exactly the same -- because then I have to give an explanation of where the pressure (which is causing the piston to move) is coming from, and what is it exerting its pressure on. so for me an explanation is always going to be a combination of similies, which eventually come together to give me a bigger picture.
	quantum mechanics is sorta like that, actually: they took one simile, and just kept going with it, not realising that it's only similar, and not the thing itself. it never occurs to them that the particle and the wave are the same thing, just in different forms of perception (inside-out vs outside-in). the problem with similies and analogies is that they break down because they don't have every single aspect. water in a pipe describes the flow of electric current only up to a certain amount -- and then after that it doesn't completely work. everything is like that, which is why I try and use many different similies tto relate something. so, for example, just the soil and the big tree isn't enough to conclusively give me a solid big-picture of what the back yard used to look like, I need to look at other things, like the broken sprinkler sytem, to realise there was probably a lawn at some point -- which at that point, I now find it ~100% certain that there wasn't a vineyard growing on top of the lawn with a big tree.
	a quick commentary on that actually, cause the saturnian-system falls prey to this factor all the time: when looking at the surface of something (like the earth or some other thing in time, or the surface of someone's skin), there's a lot of vibrating hydrogen that's kinda hanging out on the surface there; these are all concepts which all have a certain *feel* to them -- and what the saturnian-system does is to take clumps of these concepts and turn them into symbol *individually*, which seems nice, because let's say I'm looking at a person, and they have concepts of goodness and generosity that's vibrating on their surface, which gives them the appearance of being good and generous, *which is true*, but it's not the whole story. there are often times other things that are vibrating around there too, and so because the mind wants to indentify all of the parts, they see the individual aspects that are *resonant to them* (ie, the *recognisable* things that they like or dislike), and turn those into something visible/tangible. what's going on here is the 2nd-ray aspect of recognition (re-cognition: the abiltiy to notice one thing is experienced the same as another experience). I can only recognise things that I've experienced, and I can only see those things I've experencied in what I'm looking at. there's an entire unseen world of things that are there, but they're not recognised, because they haven't been experienced. for example, if I travel back in time and look at shakespere, what I see are the conepts of then, but they're recognised by my experience leading up to now (and so therefore, my recognition of them will be skewed). this (only seeing what I can recognise) difficulty is so prevalent in science, history, and technology, we're unable to see the big-picture of what's happening, because when we turn the conceptual simile into symbolic form, we think it *is that thing* (when it's just a simile).
all things are relative one to another, and no thing/idea/concept/symbol can ever perfectly describe another (seems obvious, right?) because otherwise it'd be the thing itself.

### 2024-04-30 14:48 - two ways to look at the same thing

in the previous entry, I talked about how (especially in quantum mechanics), they're looking at something and they see it as two separate things, but it's the same thing from a different perspective. one such example of this is the difference between concepts and symbol: let's take an example: I look at myself (or someone else) and say, "when X, then I do Y" -- "when they call me stupid, I hit them" -- now, that's the symbolic part of the thing; I'm looking at it from the outside-in perspective, cause there's distance between me and what I'm looking at (myself) while I make the analysis. now, I step into my body and I'm in a situation where someone calls me stupid, and I just hit them. (like hitting the brake when driving a car) I didn't even think about what I was doing at all and analyse it symbolically, but just reacted, according to the symbolic system that I already had in place (when someone calls me stupid, I hit them). it's the same thing, but the reaction is from the inside-out perspective, and the analysis was from the outside-in perspective. science calls the emotional/conceptual/reaction technique the "fast brain" because you don't need to think about it to create the feeling (hydrogen) necessary to get the synapse to fire and move the muscles; the symbolic technique is the "slow brain" because you have to analyse what's happening and pay extra attention to all of of the observed details. shakespere uses this technique extensively, because when *reading* the plays, there are so many things going on (wrong spelling, character alignments, and different sensations) that are passed astrally through the text, that it forces the person to pay attention and use the "slow brain" instead. because of that, it's a very different experience *reading* the playes (slow brain), instead of *watching* the plays (fast brain). each production of shakespere is a reflection of the producer (and actors) of that play, and encodes their form of perception into the production, in the way that the lines are delivered, settings, actors, costumes, etc. they give the play (which can be taken so many different ways, like an analysis), a simple facade in which we can *look at* and see it through the concept of the producers. the brain doesn't need to think about all of the options, and make an analysis, but instead just gets *fed* the information without needing to think. this is also the difference between television and reading a book -- or in mcluhan's terminology: the difference between hot (fast brain) and cold (slob brain) media. it's all the same.

#### 2024-04-30 15:46 - mcluhan's take on this

one of the things that mcluhan does is take this concept a step further: he says that cold media (like cartoons, books, text, etc) are more allegorical (ie symbolic, in that the meaning isn't immediately apparent and requires analysis), but also talks about how this (cold) style of media not only requires active particpation (like have to move the eyes to read vs sitting in front of a TV and getting the media input directly), but it also requires symbolic analysis to really uncover what's happening in there. now, full disclosure, I didn't read his entire book -- but I was able to tune into his concept pretty easily, and it even felt counter-productive to keep reading, so perhaps I tuned into transitioned (source) concept (who he is now, not who he is then) -- so I may be putting words into his mouth on this one -- but within the sector of media, there is also subsectors: so for example, television is "hot" in that it doesn't require active participation to consume the media, but for example the difference between a cartoon (cold) and something with super amazing graphics (hot) media is also found. essentially, the way that I understand that concept to be now (which is why I consider him a genius), is that cartoons are not necessarily more difficult to understand, just they're far more unrelatable than a giant super CG dragon, where I can feel his breath when I see him -- is that the because the dragon is so much more high-definition, means I don't have to think much about it to *experience* it; whereas, with a cartoon, I can watch the roadrunner get bopped on the head and blown up with dynamite, and not feel a thing. the difference there is that the roadrunner (because he's low-denfinition) is unrelatable to me *experientially* -- and the big dragon is quite a bit more visceral.
	what I believe mcluhan is describing there is like the imagination, which is very visceral, but at the same time is quite symbolic. the imagination is a (hot) media in the sense like a television where you don't need to do much to consume it (optionally close eyes and relax), and something pops right up. there's always something there for me to see, and I don't have to do any real thinking about it. now, when I want to go into "planning" or "foresight" mode, then now I'm in the symbolic (cold) part of my imagination, where now I have to start to think about things, put them in the right order, ensure I didn't miss anything, analyse what's happening, etc. both styles exist in the imagination simultaneously, and I basically regard the difference between the two as the difference between *thinking* a thought (cold, symbolic) and *receiving* a concept (hot, conceptual, HD). for me, concepts that I receive are significantly more HD than I can possibly explain with text (which is symbolic and very low-definition). each concept has so many different angles to it with such a rich pallete of detail, that it's absolutely impossible to describe it all at once. however, when I'm actively thinking about what I'm conjuring in my imagination, it starts out very very low-definition, and then gradually over time, as I add more details, the thought continues to grow and grow gaining more and more detail.
the next thing to understand about the brilliance of mcluhan, is that he's basically saying that we learn based on *experience* -- and so while something in cold media (like a cartoon or a story), is not immediately relevant to us, giving it some thought or analysis, can reveal its *resonance* to us, and that resonance with us is based on *experience* (you can only *relate* to things similar to what you've experiecnced before), which is what builds up the image in the imagination, making it relatable and hot (to each person individually). this is precisely how the saturnian-system works, in that we're looking at a cold media (it's literally (vibrating) living-blackness), and it's *our imagination* that puts form on top of the blackness, and tells us what we're looking at, by how we relate to each concept vibrating around in the blackness (concepts don't have inherent form, but only *perceived* form).

### 2024-05-01 05:28 - why am I writing to you like this?

your desire through all of the effort to get me to do the weeds and things like that feels pretty obvious to me. therefore, in order to be able to do the weeds and to be able to fulfill your desire, there needs to be some kind of compatibility layer; you have to find a way to see things from my perspective, because if you can't, then it'll never work out. inotherwords, *we have to be able to communicate effectively*. the only way that any relationship can work (effectively), is with good communication -- and so, if there's going to be a relationship, then there has to be effective communication. now, if you say, "OK, well just hang out with allie, and you guys can communicate; leave me out of the communication" -- you could have done that years ago, but it's clear that you want me to earn it, or accomplish some other metric I haven't fully figured out, so that means that you want to be involved. I don't mind your involvement, as it's just fine. sure, you're more chaotic to write to than some of the other venus-types I've written to, but it's no matter, because if you want to be able to communicate with me (and your signals with the weeds and things like that indicate as such), then it's fully possible. like when I explained to mom the other day what I mean by symbolic regarding her "complex trauma" -- if she learns my words, then it's possible for her to understand me. I really don't mind. I recognise it'll be a long slog (with both you and mom) to finally come to understand me, but again, it's no problem *if you want to*. so, just settle in, and we'll be communicating effectively in no time. I have a lot of things to tell you when I see you next :)

#### 2024-05-01 11:28 - well, nevermind, I guess.

I get the sense now that you *don't* have desire for me and allie to have a relationship -- which is totally fine. one of the things I was going to ask you is that instead of paying me for the weeds, that I could just arrange to be married to allie in some years (maybe like 7 or so like joeseph) -- and the reason for asking explicitly and arranging the marriage (obviously only if that's what she wants), is because I thought it would be quite nice to actually grow up with her a bit. I have various critisisms and improvements on how to treat children, and with the few interactions that I've seen with paul and allie, I tend to disagree with how he treats her (I think in some ways he still hates her, because perhaps she was an "accident" and is therefore unwanted). anyway, I'm fairly certain that I'd treat her better than paul does, and it would be nice to actually talk to and get to know someone that I'm going to eventually marry. it's been one of my major desires, is to actually like the girl and get to know her (not sexually or romantically), before being engaged to her.
	this comes mainly from my experience with patricia and raquel, where patricia, I realise we should have gotten to know each other way better (just chatting wasn't enough -- I wanted to actually be productive and work with her), and raquel (where we jumped in bed the within the first hours, minus a few hours of chat some months back), the same: I wish I could have actually cultivated a working relationship with her, so that we could *be on the same page* and stuff. however, the major realisation that I've had since then is that I don't really want to be "on the same page" as anyone, but actually want to interact with the person in a way which is "only-attraction" -- but that's a seriously difficult problem to figure out, because an only-attraction system would be conceptual instead of symbolic communication, and unless we're practising our telepathy capabilities to where we have effective communication, the only way I know how to build such a system, will require *technology* -- technology, that is similar to "the network", and has a lot of details and nuances to it which I haven't figured out yet. to build such a system, will require *symbolic* communication, and then once the system is built, we can covert over to conceptual/only-attraction communication, but it's sorta a chicken and egg thing.
though I definitely felt desire, which I figured was coming from you, it may have not been. it could have been allie -- as allie does feel more similar to you and nothing like paul (which is why I think he kinda hates her). anyway, I guess, I can't fully rely on my sensory/telepathic capability then (or something has changed in the last 3-4 days), because it felt to me like it was actually attracted. I figured, "well, OK, if it's attracted, then I'll try and meet her half-way" -- but the thing is, I've always been kinda hesitant about it, because I figure paul would have difficulty approving (hence the reason why it should be an *arranged* (agreed upon) marriage), because without it, I just don't think paul would ever approve, and I have no intention of engaging myself with anyone where their father disapproves of the relationship (which I realise is going to be basically everyone).
I remember a similar thing happened with marcos, actually: his daughter andrea felt quite similar to him, in the same way that eva feels a lot like paul, and melissa feels a lot like dad does -- and I too would get things mixed up there too; I strongly felt like multiple times that marcos actually wanted us to be together (which was good, cause I wasn't going to do it without his approval), but then later on he's tell me that was not him at all -- so either my telepathic sensors are wrong, or once again I mistook andrea's desire for marcos' desire, just like perhaps I mistook allie's desire for your desire. either way, I guess I'll ask you about the arranged marriage (next time?) when I talk to you, but I don't have high hopes.
it really does seem like there is a force (saturnian-system) which does not want me to even have a friend that's a girl, so it'll probably never work out for me in that way, and I hate to tell you that I can't do your weeds and stuff, but it really is a difficult thing. even when I was there pulling the weeds the other day, while I was in front of eva's window (where her weeds are located), while pulling them, I would get these flashes where it felt like strong hatred, frustration, and disagreement, followed by a strong sense of desire; and that's only happening when pulling weeds for her, so you could imagine what it'll be like if I go over to the side yard and pull the ones there (oh, well, [like I said](#2024-04-29-0421---pulling-weeds), when I pull someone's weeds, I feel strongly the essence or the emotional/conceptual thing that produced those weeds -- which for eva, obviously contains those aspects (hatred, frustration, and disagreement) and so over on the side yard, it'll be a similar experinece with allie's weeds). I just can't deal with that kind of thing, and prefer not to be involved. I'm not going to continue to attract someone that I cannot be with, which is why I prefer to just do my own thing. there are other dificulties too, like this just doesn't help me to get toward my goal of creating only-attraction style of communication, and things like that. it just won't work. I'll wait for someone to come to me directly, instead; and if that never happens, that's fine too. I strongly am beginning to realise that, there just isn't anyone that's actually capable of creating what I want to create for me -- so I have to just do it myself.
	the difficulty with working with other people and with a team and stuff like that, is that they just don't see things the same way that I do. again, one of the reasons why I've constantly wanted to actually find someone that is able to communicate with me effectively (before starting a relationship), is because I want them to be able to see the same thing that I see -- or rather, I should say: be able to perceive the same concepts that I'm able to perceive. well, like I mentioned, we can only recognise concepts based on things that we've experienced before, so what I'm essentially asking for is a way for someone to gain a trem5ndous amount of experience in a short period of time (like I've done), so that when we look at the same concept, we're both able to perceive the same thing (I don't mean visually). I need the only-attraction system to be able to work in a team with others effectively, cause otherwise it has to be visual/symbolic -- and that has a whole host of problems to it. it is possible that if I were to remove my nuts, that I'd gain a visual system (in my eyes, not in my head) very similar to tesla's -- and using that, it's probably pretty possible to bootstrap the only-attraction system, and allow me/us to go non-visual/symbolic again. I've actually been thinking a lot about that, and I may have to do it (again, myself -- cause there's no way the saturnian-system will ever allow anyone else to do it). the final problem with it, is that anyone else on the team is going to have a pinecone, which means that they're going to be constantly be moved around to other timelines all the time by nosebook (meaning, they'll change their tune from day to day), so if I want to make any progress, I need to be around others that are also only-forward moving in time like me (no pinecone). so, again, I need the thing that I want to create (plants) to create the thing I want to create (in a team). all in all, I'd say I probably have to do it myself, cause there isn't an effective way for me to communicate the concept I want to create.

#### 2024-05-01 17:27 - thinking about the big-picture

- there are proably some dudes that are cool with me
- sun-watching because I was thinking that I'm gonna be on earth instead
- I probably won't be on earth, because I really want to have an only-attraction thing
	- (flat-earth-idea or black-mirror-idea)
	- this allows those of us (namely me) that want to live in only-attraction to be able to do it without causing the symbolic people problems.
	- this is a definite separation
- it's probably not feasible to do the flat-earth-idea at all because it'd require the earth to separate from the solar system in order to have a large disk and also no sun on one side
- I also find it extremely unlikely that they'll ever let me go back to earth, because on earth, I'll be able to fly and instantly manifest things, and stuff like that (because it's 7th-ray), so they must continue to keep me in a symbolic system where they can control everything and make sure I'm not able to fly or manifest anything (which I believe is on pluto). so, no earth for me, probably ever.
- therefore, I'm pretty sure that I just need to assume that the black-mirror-idea is the future, and keep heading in that direction (cause the wavering is what's causing me so much difficulty). then, at some point, pluto will separate from the solar system and off we go.
- the interesting thing about the division is that the only-attraction forms of perception are 1-5-7, but I'm finding out that my main adversaries are not so much the saturnian-system, but actually all of the mars guys that are running the saturnian-system.
	- the mars guys are actually the bodies that these infected-ones are using (which are a reflection of earth, and so therefore are reflective). the reason why they're not reflective though is because they've built up such a symbolic facade to ensure no reflectivity, that they're heavily invested in the symbolic (non-attraction) form of perception. since mars (all 7th-rays, actually) can do it all, most of them hang out in pluto's form of perception, and are essentially promethian (2nd-ray) emitters, which control the spectral (4) saturnian-system.
	- eventually though, once we sparate out, that will be the removal of the 2nd-ray form of perception from the solar system, which means that it's quite likely that all of these powerful mars emitters that are hanging out here will have to drop down to the saturnian-system, or find another way (like making their own thing on eris/gonggong -- and maybe some of the others further out). I have no idea what that'll mean for them though, and I don't care.
- therefore, what I have to conclude, is that I'll probably just need to chill out, and just wait for the separation (no problem for me to do that).
- in the interim period, between now and the separation, I have to imagine that energy will keep rising, so the majority (all?) of the guys that are actually 2nd-ray in perception (ie, mututal-back-scratching and not big wet blankets for everything technologically awesome), will continue to gain depth of perception, finding theirselves also in pluto's form of perception.
- when the separation actually occurs, all of the 2nd-rays on pluto will just go to the black-mirror (2nd-ray side) of the planet, and continue to live out the rest of their lives there (until the next universe is created) in their own 2nd-ray worlds (which end up becoming an ideal reflection of the rest of the universe). I'm pretty sure that's where all the venus types will go as well.
- so everything will probably work out just fine, actually; I just have to wait it out.

### 2024-05-06 14:00 - more thinking on the weeds

so I've been really thinking about this allie thing and your weeds. I can still feel the desire for me to pull them -- and at this point, I don't feel too adverse to the idea of trying to pull the weeds again and seeing how it goes. sure, I get a lot of energitic blowback from the weeds being pulled, but in a lot of ways that's actually kinda good for me, because I can transform the energy pretty easily -- so I'm willing to give it another try and see what the energy feels like with my new perspective I've accomplished over the last few days.
however, the looming sensation that I have is that it'll work out and stuff, and if nothing else, I'll have a more conversational interaction with you and your family -- which, I just don't know or can anticipate how that'll be, but I do feel like eventually (at least in some years perhaps), allie and I will begin to at least talk and stuff -- and again, this is kinda one of those problems because she's definitely vulcan-esque, in that she is very absorbant of all kinds of energy -- like for example, she's got a lot of ideas that she's not good, an idiot, and other self-deprecating forms of expression. (like jaron) she's quite attractive to those sorts of situations, and seemingly interprets situations to satisfy those concepts that she has of herself -- we all do that (geez, just look at me), but I'm saying that as a cOntrast to the typical emitter form of being, where they go around telling everyone that they have the things that they dislike about themselves (inotherwords, like paul). the emitters also attract their own form of perception back to them.
	like,-- silly example cause none of this is true -- let's say that I tell mom she's got this problem of relying on drugs for an escape, and that she isn't capable of making decisions for herself -- and then I notice that greg too is also that way, and so I tell him the same thing -- and then I notice someone else, ad infinitum -- and the more that I go around painting my own problems on to other people, I'm actually increasing my own propensity to use drugs as an escape. after some time of doing that, my own attraction of those kinds of forms of perception will build up a situation where I now believe myself incapable of making decisions, trying to escape, etc. -- and all of that comes from my own foundational perception which is usually something like, I'm not good enough (to make the right choice), I always get everything wrong (so I don't want to make decisions), if other people would just tell me the right thing to do, I could do it (letting them have the blame/resposibility for my inability), etc. -- and so after enough emitting about those perceived external problems, I will have some situation that finally causes me to become receptive that I AM all of the problems that I was pointing out in other people.
it seems to me (the way I feel her anyway) is that allie is already recptive to a lot of those bogus ideas, and one of the major forms of perception which are at the root for most of these bogus ideas, is that I need someone/something else to make me feel good. that's also the heart of the issue for the term we call "lust" -- the idea that some kind of action; pleasure or revenge, or anything, can somehow make me feel better -- which is kindof a big problem in everyday society. if I start interacting with allie, I can already feel that she's quite attractive to that sort of feeling -- which is exactly the opposite direction that I want to go. so, if we're going to hang out, and I'm going to do your weeds, then I just want to make it clear, that my objective is *still* to keep finding a way to feel good about my situation, no matter the conditions. I don't want to go back to using conditions (like drugs/sex/games/music/etc) as a way that I can escape from the way that I feel, and temporarily use tthat condition as a way to overcome that. if she wants to do that with me (and I really hope that's the case), then things will work out just fine.
	so now, let's just assume that somehow we figure out how to have such a combined goal, and it works out OK. from here, the projection into the future is kinda a funny one (which you may or may not appreciate): because I'm still attached to my nuts (they're 2nd-ray symbolic), I'm basically going to be continually programming myself (symboically), not to need some (sexual) condition in order to feel good, which is fine -- but kinda useless for me. what's happening, is (I believe) there are a lot of other dudes that are using my nuts vibrations as a form of expression for them -- kinda hard to explain, but imagine that my symbolic system from my big head (the two lobes of my brain) are mirrored in the the balls; and when you look at mine, you'll notice that right one is consistently higher up than the left one. I don't know if the balls are mirrored where the right one is LH or not, but clearly one is at a much higher frequency than the other. anyway, I believe that the symbolic system that I have in my brain is not useful for those that are using my form of perception (they don't want to think in terms of attraction), but if they can use the simplified little head as their form of perception, then that works out for them.
so now, let's look at this projection: as I'm hanging out with allie, she's going to be attracting these concepts of needing something external to her (drugs/sex/etc) as a way to feel better, and I'm going to constantly move that strong sensation that I feel in the genitals up to the heart and dissipate it there, also changing that (induced) form of percption from feeling like I need the physical thing to make me feel good, and lowering the arrousal. right now, (because my little head is in sympathetic relationship with those who use my perception's little head) even some of the strangest things cause me to pop a boner, and I *know* it's not me; so if I'm capable of consistently lowering down that arrousal by changing my form of perception when I'm around allie, then I'll basically be programming my little head to not get arroused by girls, and the sensation that they make when they produce attraction. I don't know if (my not needing conditions to feel good form of percepcion)'ll have the same effect on boys as well, but I'll basically be training our symbolic arrousal system to no longer need those conditions anymore. (I guess there's viagra and other energetic techniques nosebook has at their disposal, so it'll still be possible for the cool kids to get a boner, but I have no idea what effect it'll have on their sexual interactions -- cause that symbolic system is the same one that's used to preinstall all kinds of logic into the child, and condition a person sexually -- so will they be sexually conditioning their partners to not need conditions?) I can't anticipate the outcome from the situation -- but it does seem like an intereasting challenge. anyway, I really hope things can work out. OK, bye for now! (I'll try and come by laterish? to try the weeds again)

### 2024-05-12 14:26 - defocus and attraction

so I tried going back and pulling your weeds again, to kinda see how it would go. the effects that I experienced the first time (where I strongly noted similarity in vibration to eva -- which manifested in [writing to my sister](/dear-melissa.md)), but the same sort of thing happened this time -- cept my vibration wasn't quite as difrectly similar to eva/melissa, but instead to paul (I was on the side yard). first of all, I'd like to mention that during the time that I'm pulling weeds at your house, I'm very unfocused, so even being over nearby to your house is kinda like a low-grade weed experince (without any pleasure), or like I'm on some of those psychotics that they gave me in the mental hospotal; not a fan really, as If I'm going to be defocused, I prefer to have something that enlightens me in the processs (like weed does). unlike people with mental difficulties, I don't have any pain that I need to lose my focus (escape) from, so it just doesn't make much sense for me to be unfocused like you guys are anymore.
	a similar story can be said about my friends at friendly harbor, which were also notably quite unfocused as well. as I got better at understanding and focusing my emotions (stuff I would talk about in their group meetings), I grew out of wanting/needing to be around people who are unfocused like that. we used to be similar in that regard (which is why I star-watched), but now we're not -- so they're not really people that I want to be around (both the staff and the clients are both defocused and running from their emotions). all of my efforts to try and explain that there is a way to look at the emotions in a way which allows for improvement, was constantly pushed against, and so that was me cue to obviously find my own way -- because none of them wanted to go the way that I wanted to go. a very similar thing is actually happening with you and your house. I have things that I hold core to my belief system, and how to use emotion to guide my trajectory through time -- which you guys simply don't want anything to do with, which is like how it was with friends harbor: we lost compatibility, and I think their techniques for improvement, either don't work, or only exacerbate the problem. I must go toward improvement and progress, so it became silly to want to be around them anymore. I'm recognising the same thing for us: our paths are diverging because of core beliefs and concepts which we differ on.
anyway, the vibrations that I noticed which were quite similar to paul came out in the form of me playing games the last few days. I even kindof reminded myself of my dad also, who is also quite saturnian: my sleeping schedule changed from waking up early (between 3-5am) to going to bed after the sun rises and sleeping during the day. when I'm focused and "in my body", I tend to get a lot of stuff done -- so I'd wake up early and go outside and do yard work and stuff. it worked out really well for me cause I was focused and "in my body" -- but as soon as I transitioned into doing yard work at your house, I started to lose focus, and start taking it really easy (presumably just like paul), where I'd get some small part done or almost done (maybe an hour of work or so), and then just want to go play games of sit in the garage chair for a while.
the other thing that I noticed too is that I started to behave like I was at sesily's house -- because I started to want to pull the weeds the way that I want to pull the weeds (also now that I perceive how these guys are constantly putting inconspicuous trash or construction materials around, to alter energy flows), I started to really want to just pull the weeds and organise the back yard *the way that I want to do it* -- and you'd say, "OK, but that's my yard, and so you should do it the way that I want to do it (because I'm paying you to do it the way that I want it done)" -- but you're not paying me, and just like with sesily, I'm OK not having the money, too -- so I find it much easier just to not do the work. I don't want to come over to your house and get defocused like that, and then do things the way that you want them done (which means I'm no longer doing things that I want to be doing (all of the time)) -- so it just doesn't make any sense for me anymore. if you want them done the way that you want them done, I recommend that you do it yourself, or find somenone that will do them that way. I don't really want to be doing that anymore -- and I don't really want to be trying to conflict over what I think will look/feel nice (like the rocks on the other side yard last year). sorry, but I have to pass on this.
when we talked the other day when I went back and I was showing you how the plastic feet make a huge difference as to how energy coming up from the ground is attracted and feels --
	that was also the day that they (xcel energy, I think) came and marked out the different gas lines and put a bunch of metal rods into the ground which behave like lightning rods, and attract the energy to go up them in that area (if there were a geomagnetic storm, we would see small amounts of plasma coming off of each of those metal rods (that look like flags) they put into the ground). in fact, the whole reason for putting flag poles and lightning rods is to draw ground energy (prana) up and have it come out of the top of the pole, instead of going into the students/court (or whatever the institution is).
you were telling me how it's good that our energies are now compatible again -- but that's actually not the case at all. they're more incompatible now than ever -- just they're using a whole bunch of techniques to dampen the energy, so it's not felt (I didn't paul energy after they put the flags there, and didn't feel eva at all either after that (though still working in front of her window)) yet though the energy isn't viscerally able to be felt by me while pulling weeds, I'm claiming that my recent extreme loss of focus and playing games, is actually to do with that energy still having an effect on me, just because it's low amplitude, it's not so visceral anymore
	cause if I put flags down on the side yard, I probably wouldn't have noticed my strong desire to do things my way (which I believe is a reflection of paul) cause it would have been dampened, with most of the energy going up the rods, and little of it going up the chair I'm sitting on). it is possible to try and control all of those conditions trying to dampen the energy as much as possible, but it's clear that we're heading for a *separation*, and not trying to make things compatible between us. I see no reason why I should go toward the thing that I'm separating from.
		there's also something that's to be said about this as well, because nosebook is constantly deleting vibrations that they don't like -- which means I can't feel those emotions/concepts vicerally anymore (because they're deleted), but in the deletion process, they have to do the opposite vibration to get rid of it, which (because the destructive wave can never be perfectly equal to the emotion that I would be experiencing), the destructive interference produces a lot of higher harmonics -- which are out there, and they're somewhere, attracting me to the very emotions that they're deleting but in a much higher frequency form. as an example, let's say they want to delete concepts/feelings related to the way little girls feel, or concepts such as how they move other people around in time all around me -- and they don't want others to get those realised feelings/concepts (5+) from me, so they delete them -- well, that energy has to go somewhere, and though I don't viscerally feel the thing in the moment, I am attracted to a higher frequency concept of that emotion.
			for a real-world example of that idea: I was working on the weeds, and there was all of the defocus around it, and that produced a lot of that higher frequency emotional energy which is attracting me. in the process, I was strongly attracted to this new game called "chrono ark" -- and it's a game that's been around for seemingly quite a while (released in early 2023) -- but I really feel like (since I like roguelike games), that I would have found out about it before. it's obviously created by a lot of vulcans, and it's quite a good game -- anyway the story is about this girl (lucy) who's stuck in this infinitely looping world. each time the clock tower is fixed, the world resets, and they start over -- each time improving her technique of defeating the final boss. however, she's a bit different than the rest of the people, because she still remembers things from other timelines (previous resets). anyway, her character is a lot like myself -- and each run she (like rosalind) goes off with 3-4 other "loving lords" to this alterate world.
			I believe my pulling of weeds on the side yard, and the visceral emotional stuff gets deleted, so the higher frequency stuff (which is where time and space are located), rearrange the reality that I see around me, to now include that game -- so instead of thinking thoughts about how everyone is constantly moved around all around me, while I was pulling weeds, those concepts were deleted, and that instead produced a game, which got me to think about those same thoughts, but this time in narrative form through the character of lucy. the manifestation of shakespere I believe is also the same thing: he exists because these guys have been pushing so hard against me (or perhaps you could say uranus in general), that it creates these alterations in time that happen around me (I'm the centre).
		so there is actually some good that comes out of me pulling weeds (and their pushing against it), because it does seem to alter time so that the present present manifestation (like the concept being turned into thought or a visceral feeling of attraction) isn't experienced, but instead it seems to culminate into the modification of time around me.
			a similar thing also happened to me when I was stoned and was feeling that visceral sense of pleasure, when I found a band called "within temptation" -- which again, I believe was also a manifestation of their efforts to delete certain concepts/emotions (along with "lovebites"). those happened while I was defocused while on weed, but apparently it's not the drugs that are necessary to defocus me into making these manifestations -- as just the defocus of being around your house is enough (and even it's likely that you guys (and my situation here) are the manifestation of the defocusing psychotics I had while in the mental hospital in spain).
		so maybe, in the long-run scheme of things, it's actaully not that bad for me to pull weeds and stuff like that -- because it is uncomfortable I suppose in the moment, but it does seem to produce a lot of higher frequency stuff. I'm actually going to have to consider that.
	however, in my theory of how things separate, one of the things stays physical and the other becomes imaginary (before dropping back down into physical) -- there are two things to note: 1. I don't know what holds the two cells together, because it's not actually a gradual process (the separation doesn't happen over many hours -- but only over seconds, which is a pretty short period of time compared to the cells lifetime), so it seems to happen pretty quickly, which means that something holds them together until there are essentially equal parts of both forces, and when the imaginary one gains enough vibrational dissimilarity (like mercury leaving mars), they finally separate (kinda violently) -- and 2. I don't know if there is actually one part of the cell that remains physical all the way till the end, when it also finally turns imaginary, and off they go. cause imagine it like this: imagine that there are 100 physical units that compose the cell, and one decides it's going to be a bit different than the others. the other 99 physical ones, keep trying to tell him, no he's just like everyone else -- but he's not having anything of it. he sees himself as completely different from the other 99, and continually tries to find others that are like him. those others can't show up in physical because the wavelength of the enviroment determines that the cell can only have 100 physical units -- so all of these other units that he wants to see, are there, but they're not physcal; they're imaginary. the amount of these imaginary units continues to grow and grow until finally at one time, there are enough imaginary units (let's say 50+) which are now pulling him to be in the imaginary cell now instead of the physical one. at the time when the pull is strong enough, he finally can no longer take it, and also becomes imaginary, allowing him to separate from the other physicals.
		so, let's just say I'm the one physical cell that's different, and nosebook represents the 99 others. eventually at one time, their desire for me to remain physical will no longer be possible anymore, and I'll find myself in imaginary with all of the others that are similar to me (it actually doesn't matter if I'm going from physical to imaginary, or from imaginary to physical, because the separation process means that one will be different than the other. I could just as easily be an imaginary one that's going into physical -- doesn't matter which direction).
	we'll eventually separate, and it's totally fine.
the important takeaway from this whole thing, is that originally I thought that making the task of pulling weeds a thing of desire (with allie as the prize/goal) was what I wanted, but it turns out, what I actually want, is to be focused and "in my body". I actually really like being focused, and much prefer it. I'm even likely going to quit playing games and stuff. I know [I made a joke](../24andme/blahblog.md#2024-05-10-1247---things-probably-wrong) about kicking back and letting venus do all of the work, but that's also not really what I want. in order to do that, I have to be continually defocused, which isn't really what I like to be doing (it's also the reason why I opted out of being the CTO for tuenti). I just don't want to kick back and have others do all of the work and stuff. I like to actually be doing things. I'll keep thinking it though here and out loud -- but it's likely that I'm going to completely abandon the idea of pulling your weeds. I just can't find a reason for me to be defocused like that.

### 2024-05-16 23:32 - not doing things for others

the other (yester?) day when we were talking about being defocused, you said you're not defocused because you do things for other people (like your family and stuff). I told you, that's exactly the definition of being defocused -- because everything outside of you is  (the symbolic world and) what's defocusing. I then explained how I make dinner and stuff for jaron (amongst other things), but I'm doing that, *not for him* -- but because *I want to make dinner* and *I like making dinner*.
	I almost launched off into a small discussion about always doing what I want to be doing -- and feeling good about what I'm doing too, but I felt short on time, and I was going a bit long)
anyway, the minute that I start doing things for others, that's when it goes all wrong for me. I'm sure it works for others, because I see people doing it all the time and it appears a whole lot more successful than being miserly and selfish -- but for me, it doesn't work.
	I think it has to do with desire actually. if I'm doing it for someone else, I don't *really* want to do it-- either I *have* to do it, or I *should* do it (cause it's the "right" thing to do) -- or cause it's a "good" thing to do -- but it's not necessarily what I want to be doing.
as soon as I start doing things for others, I get tired, and I start looking around at other things (to see if they're better than what I'm doing),-- or I want their approval, and all of that stuff really starts to defocus me to the point where I'm so concerned about so many other things than myself, I've completely worn myself out, and I feel pretty miserable (but I keep doing it cause of their expectations, or it's the "right/good" thing to do). I see that effect happen to other people as well, but it happens a lot slower for them than it does for me.
I've found that I can only really do things for myself, and so I have to just give up completely on what others are doing. they do things their way, and if they want something from me, they can just ask.
so, that brings me to allie: right after you left, I realised I didn't propose to you the idea about working on the weeds in exchange for the potentiality of marrying allie -- and I said to myself, "well, it's OK; I'm not exactly sure that's what I want yet".
you see, when I first had the idea, I felt some resistance to it, because the idea definitely falls directly into the category of mutual-back-scratching: I do something for you and you do something for me in return -- but that's not what I want to do -- though I explained it away like, "well it's just making the thing I'm working on be a thing of desire, instead of doing something that doesn't feel good". that's obviously justification, and stuff -- but what it did force me to do is to just figure out how to go to your house and pull weeds, and not have your guys' energy bother me; I need to be absorbant of it, and not try to run away or reject it. well, as a result, I figured out how to do that pretty easily and it's no problem for me to go and pull weeds at your house now. I can now have (nearly) just as an enjoyable time pulling your weeds as I can pulling the ones at our house; so it's fine.
inotherwords, what I'm saying is, *I can't pull weeds for allie* and *I can't do something because there's a condition, reward, justification, or expectation for me to do it*. I can only do it because *I want to*. (what that means is, I'll just do the things that feel good for me to do), and that's it. if allie wants something she can ask for it herself. I'll be like "OK, sure let's figure out how to make it possible" -- cause then it's something of her own desire, not mine.
	(00:25) I found with my time with raquel that it's a really bad idea to try and get someone else to do what I want to do. unfortunately, I was drunk or stoned for the majority of our relationship and under those drugs, I'm a lot more assertive -- so I would constantly try and get her to do the things that I wanted to do (partially because when I tried to do them myself, she hated it probably cause she thought she was less important than those things). consequently, because she didn't want me doing the things I wanted to do (hang out with friends, drink, program, etc.) I decided to try and get her to do those things. I found out that when we smoked weed together, she liked to have sex, so we smoked a lot of weed -- and that was about the extent of things that I figured out how to do with her. so, I've really become a person that isn't trying to get anyone else to do anything. ---- so then imagine what it'd be like if I'm the one that takes charge in the relationship, but then as soon as it starts, I go completely passive, and she has to figure out what she wants. it's kindof a mixed message there if I do that. I want to go only-attraction, which means I'm no longer making any moves, or trying to get anyone to do anything anymore. I'm completely done with that.
I really have to step back from trying to symbolically manipulate things into place by using words and agreements anymore. now, all I do is just feel the way I want to feel and that turns into action ideas which either feel like the way I want to feel, or not. 
	eventually, I want to create a system where all of the people in that system communicate not by using symbols (words, pictures, etc) -- but with *concepts* -- which then manifest as words/pictures/sounds/etc individually for each person -- meaning that everyone sees/hears/feels/etc what ever (symbolic definition) they receive/want/attract -- not exatly what I'm trying to emit. therefore, if I want to make such a system, the inventor must become a reflection of the thing he wants to create -- and I'm no exception. I must find a way to only see/hear/feel/etc whatever I want to, and just let everything else cOme as a result of the way I feel, and not from any symbolic agreements/conditions/actions/poetry/jests/etc. all of that is done for me now: I'm becoming the thing I want to create.

#### 2024-05-17 13:09 - so, what does an only-attraction relationship look like?

well, I'm glad you asked :) my desire is for everyone (not just me) to "be doing what they want to be doing (all of the time)" -- and the problem with people today is, I ask them a question like, "how do you feel?" or "do you want to do this?" -- and they don't respond truthfully; they often times tell me instead what they think I want to hear, or the right thing to say. therefore, it's just not possible to use symbolic communication anymore to get an accurate answer for something. so I tend not to ask people what they want to do (cept jaron, but that's for different reasons) anymore, and instead wait for them to come to me and/or ask me. when they're the ones that are taking the initiative, then that makes them have the desire for it -- which is a whole lot easier for me to work with.
so, if she wants to do something, then it's her desire -- and all she has to do is ask. the worst that could happen is I say, "not right now" or "can I finish this first" -- but generally, if someone else wants to do something (me being a reflection of them), *I also feel like it's something I want to do*.
	you can see the difficulty here now with me in who I hang around with -- because I feel like the person that I'm around -- so I completely lose myself when I'm around other people. if I'm around "good" people, then I'm "good" (like they are) -- and if I'm around scoundrels, then I feel like them and now I behave (I become) like a scoundrel myself. I really have to pay a lot of attention to who I'm around, because I become like they are. unfortunately, raquel didn't really understand this, so all of the things that she was really upset with my about *wasn't really me* -- but actually my conceptual reflection of her. thing is, I like being me, and the only real way for me to do that, is to be by myself (or, be around other (good) reflectors of me).
I'm at the point in my life where I'm in the feeling-purposefully stage of my life, which means that I don't want/need conditions to be a certain way in order for m5 to feel good. I'm learning to have the ability to change my perception of my surroundings in such a way, where nothing really bothers me anymore -- and I don't really need good conditions anymore (I'm fine with the crappy conditions). she, is obviously not at that stage in her life -- and I can't require her to be there either. for the majority of people out there, they're in the mutual-back-scratching stage of development, which means finding a way to work togther and find mutually beneficial ways of doing things. so, if she wants to use sex or anything else as her reason to feel good, then she can just ask -- because it's beneficial for her, and also it's beneficial for m5 too (cause I get to practise getting tuned to mutual-back-scratching again (cause of the sex), and then returning back tto feeling-purposefully and not needing conditions to feel the way I want to feel).
	I simply cannot require her to feel-purposefully, because that's not where she's at (in fact, I feel like she's more like paul, where he's *barely* in mutual-back-scratching territory -- and if she felt powerful like he does, then she too would just sit around and want everyone else to do what she wants for her (very much like jaron, actually)). for me, constantly getting tuned to her/jaron/paul's form of perception like that will be quite difficult for me at first, and I'm sure that you'll notice that I turn into a bit of a mimic of paul (and you) for a bit, but that's to be quite expected -- until I  get used to liking to feel the way I want to feel, instead of liking to feel the way she and the sex feels. I'll either have to find a way to alter my perception such that the way she feels no longer bothers me, or I'll have to kinda steer clear of her. unfortunately, if it's the latter, then she'll be forced to start learning how to feel-purposefully herself -- or find someone else who will endure the way she feels. I simply won't be attracted to her after some time (perhaps physically, but I won't really want to feel like her -- sorta like how I knew after a while that raquel was constantly resetting m5 back to a state I didn't want to be in, but because I liked the sex, I kept going back). the other difficulty about that will come up (for her more than anything), is that right now, she's quite withdrawn (like jaron) because of her physical situation -- but after any amount of sex, she'll start to feel more and more like I do, which is more like confident and stuff -- so she'll probably start to emit a lot of her (IMO, not very good) ideas about how to get others to do things for you (sorta like you, and also paul) -- and notice how this whole thing is around you guys getting me to do your weeds for you -- so that's definitely going to be a strong energetic output that you can expect to have a tremendous impact on all of the world. I carry that vibration too in a very strong way (because it's what all of the upper managementt of nosebook thinks, and they use my perception) so I'll be amplifying that tremendously in her. she's just going to have to figure out what she wants to do with it. I'm one of those guys that carries all of the bad-guy stuff that you wouldn't want your son or daughter to to getting into (but I don't show it cause my perception allows me to feel so good), so I basically turn people into monsters overnight. fortunately for them, I can explain all of the techniques that I've used to still feel good, even with that kind of "bad" stuff floating around -- and also how to essentially avoid and foil other bad-guys out there that also have a similar vibration.
it's all attraction, and she has to figure out what she wants -- because I'm basically death incarnate now, and it feels like it'd be really irresposible of me to force that on anyone. she has to ask for it -- cause she's the one that's going to have to find a way to feel better (just like I did). obviously no single interaction is going to be anything near to what it's like for me, where I canstantly feel this way (the only way for it to stop is for nosebook to disappear) -- so any small dose like that is (IMO, especially knowing what I know now) quite easy to recover from.
