# dear-melissa

### 2024-04-28 03:19 - comment yesterday on reflectivity of women

yesterday I was talking with mom on the way home, and she said (can't remeber exact words) "I really like melissa's new boyfriend, and I hope she doesn't scwrew it up (like she's done in the past)". I told mom that was a pretty unproductive way of looking at things, and if we had've had more time on the road to talk, I would have launched off into a discussion about how her opinion of things being that way is *her needing to be right about your boyfriends*, and by not wanting you to screw it up, she's attracting it and making that reality more likely *in her own timeline*. I didn't launch off into that discussion because I just had a similar discussion with mom about how her belief that dad is trying to get revenge on her, is making it (much) more likely that he'll unconsciously pick things that will appear to her as being revenge (*so that she can be right*). however, mom's belief about you screwing a bunch of relationships up really doesn't have much to do with anything, because again, it's usually easier to recognise the things that we don't like in ourselves, in others (so, I imagine the commentary on screwing things up is probably her own belief that she's somehow at fault for dad (or whatever - doesn't matter)). the thing is, the entire conversation that we had had so many problems in perception in it, I can only really comment on so many at a time, because by the end, I've *proven her right* that she can't do anything right -- so it's really no use trying to correct her perception. I just have to let it go. I can write about it here, because technically nobody reads this (wink), lol.
anyway the statement that I regret (not because it was erroneous, but because it came out so poorly), is the one where I said something like, "I don't want to say that all girls are perfect angels, but usually the problem is the guy -- and unless he's perfect, he'll run into trouble". now, to expound on that, what I've found is that usually (unless someone has been conditioned to think otherwise), a girl will reflect the boy in her capacity possible, and so he's going to end up finding a reflection of himself in her.
	I am one of the more notable exceptions to this rule, because I'm more reflective that any other woman I've met. that reflectivity is because I'm so *receptive*. mom, is a great example of someone who's not very reflective now, because she's been conditioned to think she's not good enough, always wrong, never right, useless, etc. -- and so that's what she's putting out. if she meets a guy that's similar in perception to her, they'll get along fine, and they can have a bonding moment in their mutual difficulty -- which is because of their shared perception.
		in fact, an example of this event happened just yesterday: I was working over at remi's house, she and paul left, and eva also left with a friend. I was working on the side yard, and the thought came into my head that I should start thinking/feeling allie now that everyone else is gone -- but I totally didn't want to do that, because it's useless. it's like kissing, and feeling each other up, when you're supposed to be "not having sex". you know, that kind of activity sorta keeps amplifying until, you're past the point of no return. that's not the direction I'm going (I want to make a galaxy), and I'll wait it out (go the distance) to get what I want; *she's not what I want*. and so I returned to my work -- and this situation must have been known about, because pretty quickly eva and her friend showed up to pick allie up from the house (presumably so she won't be lonely and alone in her time of being rejected). eva's friend said to eva, "you and allie can spend time bonding now (over being rejected by kenny)". that's literally the most unproductive thing that they could possibly do, and I don't recommend it, because it's just reinforcing (for both of them) "we're not good enough" or whatever it is that they believe about themselves that I just *proved them right about*.
	so, what happens to me, is kinda like what happens to you and so many other women (with nearly every other guy cept for myself because I'm more reflective than you all): I become a reflection of the people that I hang around. for little girls, who don't have much of a symbolic structure built up yet (telling them what they can and cannot do, what's good/bad, right/wrong, how to act when and where, etc), I love being a reflection of them, because I too do not have much of a symbolic structure (mom calls this "complex trauma" -- but the lack of structure isn't the problem -- just the belief that I need a structure to feel some way, is the problem). so I'm pretty understanding of what it's like for most little girls: I become a conceptual reflection of anyone I'm around (meaning, I feel like they do), and so therefore begin to act/talk/animate/etc like they do.
now, the way that I could improve that statement, would be to say that mom is right: melissa either needs to figure out just the perfect way to act, be, and do everything so that her boyfriend remains happy and loyal to her, *or* just find a way to put up with him, and becoming like him.
	you know, as a highly reflective person, I've stopped kinda running away from all the "bad-guys" -- and just sorta enjoy watching them dick their own holes. for example, there are a lot of really undesirable qualities of zaryn that it would not be advised to perform -- and if I were to tell zaryn, "hey man, it's not cool when you [lemme think of an example] tell everyone in the discoteca how important you are, and how big of a deal you are" -- so instead, what I would do is, when I was around zaryn, I would go around in the discos telling everyone else how big of a deal I was (I thought it was hilarious) -- and when I was around noah (who's also reflective), we'd go around together telling others how important and a huge deal we are. it was a lot of fun, and I throughly enjoyed myself -- and zaryn got to see himself in someone else, and recognise that's not as adirable of a quality that he may have thought it was.
	another example is greg. greg is not reflective at all, and he thinks that he's constantly a victim of so many things, to which the obvious solution is to fight or push against it -- because angering the other person will make them reconsider their course of action -- so I reflect him back to him, and get really angry and start to push againt the stuff that he's trying to do, -- and I dunno if he thinks it's funny or not, but I sure have a good laugh out of it (after removing myself from the situation and cooling down a bit).
	the secret to being a reflective person, is to hang around yourself enough by yourself and do things so you can hear yourself -- so talk to yourself or write, *so you get to know yourself*, and then when you're around other people, just know that you're not you; you're a reflection of them -- and the difference between you (by yourself) and you with them, is going to be a good indicator of tbeir personality.
		for example, mom is by herself now, and yesterday she admitted to me that even when she's by herself, she gets paranoid and starts to think about maybe there is a network and people may be watching her (which I think are both true, because she acts like a puppet, ao it's probably far worse than she thinks). well, that's a good thing to know that she's paranoid *by herself*, and so when she's around me (who's also paranoid), she now doesn't need to blame me and say I (or my weed input) is causing her to be paranoid. now, she knows it's happening by herself, *so there's either some truth to it, or it's something she really believes*. that's really a good thing. I'm glad she's finally making these realisations for herself now, and starting to distinguish what is her own belief, and what is an influence/reflection of others (influence/reflection of others, and receptivity are basically the same thing, just the words sound different, and some feel more victim. I'm highly receptive and can perceive all kinds of crazy/paranoid stuff, but it doesn't bother me, so therefore I'm not influenced to do anything that I wouldn't already do).
the final thing that I want to say is that receptivity and "screwing things up" are all fine. another thing that mom was telling me is that I mismanaged my money in tuenti by giving it all away cause I'm so generous (ie, I screwed it up), but I told her that, and so many of the other experiences that I had, only taught me *I don't want to have money*. looking back on it, I didn't screw it up at all. in fact, if I could do it over, I would immediately donate all of the money to mom (cept for maybe 100k or so which I would use to take a year drug vacataion), and start over from bottom again. I really didn't want the money. those sorts of experiences where "screwed it up" were basically where I paid money and tim5 to get a whole lot of conceptual experience that i wouldn't have otherwise. it was completely worth it to have that, and I wouldn't change it.

### 2024-04-28 05:02 - focus and the zombie apocalypse

in the previous entry, I talked about how the direction that you're headed is what you're focused on; so, for example if I start making out with someone, I focusing on their lips, how their body feels, things like that, and sorta like a zombie, that's the direction that I'm headed. I don't know about anyone else, but for me personally, I can't look off to the right or left and walk in a straight line; I start to veer in the direction that I'm looking, then I overcompensate, and try to correct, but then back toward where I'm looking, etc. that's how focus works, cause whatever you're focused on, that's the direction that you're headed. personally, I like to think of this effect like a zombie, and for me, it's especially noticeable in my behaviour when I'm playing the computer or programming: I'm so engrossed in the matter (of what I'm focused on), I just keep going for it without really even thinking. I'm literally a zombie, trying to consume the object of my focus.
	anyway, there's a funny thing about the zombie apocalypse narrative, because zombie (like I said) is just someone that's pretty much unconsciously pulled toward something they think they need (brains) -- so it's a function of desire. then "apocalypse" just means an opening or a revealing. so, just imagine billions of zombies that are all unconsciously pulled toward their desire (I want your brains). it's kind of a funny thing...
now, you'll notice that I think a lot about the things that I want to create, and they keep pulling me back toward them. a very strange thing indeed is this idea of wanting to create a galaxy. I first had the idea many years back (on drugs), and thought it would be cool, then it just kept showing up, along with a repeated occurance of pluto as well. I seem to be fascinated with the (dwarf) planet and its (nearly equal sized) moon as being the beginnign of a galaxy -- so then when I was writing to sarah (again on drugs), I could see how these sorts of planets (like pluto) which are not on the ecliptic, get shot off like electrons in a high energy reaction, and could understand the meaning of what a quasar is. recently I've tried to get back into the flat-earth-idea again, but I just keep coming back to the galaxy. I feel like a zombie that just keeps pulling m5 toward the idea. it's extremely attractive to me; so much so, in fact, that I've basically committed to the idea and will absolutely wait the idea out until I can get it. it's far more attractive to me than any girls or anything that anyone could offer me. I have some flexibility on the idea, like for example, it doesn't *need* to be pluto, and it's quite possible that I'll have to wait quite a while to get it, but I think it's OK. there's even the possibility (which I'm hoping for) that these guys figure out the pen-rose thing, and are able to distribute my rise in frequency over infinite time, disallowing me from doing the galaxy or anything else (I'll just be stuck in wherever they put me). the thing is, I'm actually all for that idea because it's really not that big of a deal. lately, after having gone straight-edge for *2 months*, I felt so good every day, that I was willing to stay in my situation, pretty much forever. I just love working on the yard and writing out my ideas and stuff like that. that was only after 2 months though, so you can imagine how good I'll feel in 2 years or more. they may be able to slow the progress of my vibration down, but that's basically like telling me that I have to live infinite time, feeling *really awesome* -- which is actually really awesome. so, even if I don't get pulled toward the zombie apocalypse, I'm going to feel really really fine (and so will everyone else who learns what I learned about focus). go toward what you want like a zombie, and just be OK with whatever tragedy happens along the way :) head crabs...
