# dear-main-sequence-stars

### 2024-02-04 12:09 - better option

in my own personal life, I've noticed a growing displeasure towards 2nd ray girls. although they're really great and fun and stuff, there are a lot of symbolic things that we disagree on, considerably (the same with venus). the problem does have remedy though, which is to go inside-out as a vulcan (-5+) and *receive* all of that amazing concept/emotion in reflection of the relation that I have in my *perception*.
	we all have a brain, so we all have a relational mechanism, from which we extrapolate symbol (always, never, if, while, etc). I don't want to im9ose a 2nd ray relational system on anyone. I do it here when I write, but I try to keep my editing to a minimum and the ability for more than one angle of the concept to be seen. I try to write more conceptually, than I do symbolically. I have OK grammar, and I communicate pretty clearly, so the variation in the symbol only allows for more angles Of the concept to be seen. I *like* that others relate things differently than I do. I do not want to impose (like a main sequence star does) a relational mechanism on anyone, which is why I'm vulcan-like (-5+), especially when I'm writing here. I put out the concept and I explain the relations in symbol, but ultimately everyone makes their own relations. I don't impose on the child to automatically believe that som5 saviour is cominv and whatever problem is going to be taken care of. it may be the case that could happen, but I don't assert that relation and tie it to (definitely gonna happen: foretold/prophecy/etc) into anyone's experience. I paint a conceptual picture that is as vivid as I can, and then allow anyone and everyone to interpret it how they wish.
	it's quite possible that advancements in our ability to communicate conceptually (a technology I've wanted to make -- meaning a symbolic representation of concept) could make it no loger even necessary to communicate symbolically. therefore, I've really gone away from 2nd ray perception, almost entirely. I want to move to a system where it's possible for anyone to see whatever they want to see in m/ writings. I mean that so that when I write, not only is it more convenient to write the concept in a more expansive way, each person will individually relate to the concept through their own 2nd ray mechanism (brain, or AI, whatever).
therefore when a star, or a person is inside-out like this, power levels are controlled (or at least mine are), so tthat I don't ever get a really fast visual/symbolic experience, so instead I receivce all of that concept directly then. in the future, (cause I'll have the same system) we'll have the capacity to make symbols (like atoms and molecules and stuff) from the concept that we're utilising. this means everything from shapes4ifting to having a whole c6nc5ptual army within their capabilities. that's an esssential necessity for a star, which produces atoms and stuff -- so from the resident on earth, the appearance is exactly the same: just signals come toward the sun, instead of out of like main sequence stars do.
having the ability to have her hydrogen outputting into things like atoms and stuff, means that the star can now look like whatever it wants to (and can even be earth-like). there are quite a few advantages to the conceptual model.

### 2024-02-04 15:19 - attractive vs emissive light

the majority of stars are these main-sequence-stars: 2nd ray in perception, which means that in addition to being highly receptive, they also emit very strongly in these 2nd ray (very subatomic) frequencies. opposite to isis, is the vulcan: he can do everything that she does, just alter the frequency of the light, on its way *inward*. we have one such system on earth, and is what constitutes the crust of the earth, and stars can use a very similar system to generate atoms and molecules on the surface for the solar wind.
	the earth is a reflective system, in that there's as much outside as there is inside, but obviously not all vulcans can be this way: we reflect very dimly of our outer universe. this is quite good, and what makes being a "foil" so much better: a foil takes in some amount of conceptual input frequency/light, and then turns it into something symbolic (ie atoms, narrative, words, etc.) a reflection must always return a very similar output to their input, but a good foil can essentially absorb everything, and then output/transform that energy into whatever they need for the output. like, I'm physically pretty good at it too, because I can eat almost anythting, and my system just absorbs it. I'm fairly certain that I could continue on eating more and more crazy things, and it's not a problem for me. in addition to that, eventually I want to get to the point that it doesn't matter whatever input it is, I can transform it right straight-away into something wanted.
	the cool thing about everyone having attractive light is that we all get light from everyone else, and so my transformers are conatantly finding more ways to transform others' input light into the symbolic system I want output (like every vulcan, lol).
	the other cool thing is that no longer am I imposing on anyone anything that they don't attract -- but at the same time, there's a continual increase in diversity because of others constantly outputting different things. so instead of there being a dominant outputter disrupting others' desire to individuate, now the constant outputter is everyone, and it's forcing individuation (ie, I receive so much light, but I prefer to output on these frequencies, in these ways). (brb)

### 2024-02-06 09:19 - (untitled)

the last few days I've been trying to figure out what in the world is it that I *actually* want. to explain why I'm saying this, consider the objective that I have in mind: I want to make sex, enegetically inert/powerless. the reason why I want to do that is because it's too powerful, and (like a star) it's an emissive thing -- meaning I'm influencing others lives just cause I want to have some pleasure. I don't want to influence others lives, and I *do not* want to set the next "solar regime" (which is the structure the whole solar system lives inside of), because then that would mean me asserting the way that I think and see reality, on everyone else. I don't want to do that -- and it's already pretty obvious that nosebook is working so hard to ensure that nobody gets my form of perception (without paying for it, I'm sure), so they don't want others having it. they don't even want me to have it -- and I don't want to have it either. it's a 2nd ray form of perception which is quite powerful -- which under that solar regime, they would have to gain my levels of non-resistance to get it, which is considerable, because right now they can just get it for free. I don't mind that they have it for free because it benefits me greatly. I also don't want it, because it's *emissive* and I want to have an *attractive* relationship to other people.
	essentially my read on the way stars are setup now goes something like this: they're a bunch of high-minded women that know how to evolve hominid species by simply giving one side (through sex with solar girls) some kind of perceptual advantage. that gets the guys all fired up over these solar girls, and they start competing between one another for them -- that causes conflict and wars start to happpen (illiad is most well-known for this) -- which then works out in their favour because the hominid species has to eventully evolve into something more than a warlord tweaked out on these girls' perception. it's a tried and true formula: just throw enough girls at the problem, and these guys eventually turn it around. I get that it works, but it's a process that is quite assertive, much like a star is. it's really helpful that a solar regime can ensure that life is possible, and that conscious life is inevitable. those things are fine, but the idea that everyone has to abide by the same rules, is sorta cumbersome.
	take the earth for example, and notice that anyone can be any way they want on the planet. one island on one side of the earth can have entirely different behaviour and social interaction from another place on the opposite sides. we only consider the idea of a "globalised society" because this is what the solar power structures are proposing; they want the same thing: one regim5 where everyone is under the regime and has to work within it. that's the 3rd ray aspect to a 2nd ray system -- which I believe is not necessary.
what I've done is I've turned this whole relationship inside out. I've been going on for a bit now, my plan to only use 1-5-7 rays as my access into reality. I don't think I want or need them, and they're quite cumbersome. I can do everything symbolic that I need to do, conceptually, and that's an *attractive* system: I just attract the answer that I'm looking for. I consider this to be quite an improvement, and don't want to have anything to do with 2nd ray. if I were to go 2nd ray, I would dominate and destroy everything that I didn't like and turn the world into what I want -- which is why I refuse to go 2nd ray. I refuse to interact with these solar girls (cause I don't want to see like they do), and I don't want to impose my vibration onto anyone else.
	there is a bit of a problem -- which I don't think is that much of a problem: I want to go completely conceptual: attract the light that I want, then turn that into atoms and real physical stuff -- but these guys do not want that for me either. they want me to stay in a symbolic system where they control everything -- which will last about as long as it can last. so there is considerable effort to try and keep me in a symbolic system, which is an assertive system, which is a bit problematic because without being given the option to become attractive, they're forcing me to turn the world into something I want to live in, and everyone else is sorta along for the ride. there's nothing I can do about it. they *will not* allow me to become attractive.
	sure, the easy road out of this situation I'm in, is just to find a solar girl, setup a new solar regime, and then they're forced to live in my world already, as it is -- but I will not go for that, because *on principle*, I cannot do such a thing. sure, I could try and figure out a way to make it all attraction once I've setup a solar regime, but that's like saying "I had to kill a bunch of people to save a bunch of others" -- and I say to that: "I don't save anyone; they attracted their problem, and I'm not going to save them or anyone else."
	there is a bit of a poetic irony to them forcing me to be symbolically emissive, because I can't use attraction, which means that my own desire to live in a place I want to live in (that models LOA), they're literally clobbering theirself with their own attempts to force me to use an assertive system.
so, I'm proposing to the main-sequence-stars at large, to strongly consider an attractive/conceptual star type. the earth is such a system, and it works well. everyone can be different, and it's OK.
	I won't ever be able to convince the guys the parasites running my body to allow me to use an attractive system, so then, I figure I can perhaps appeal to the ones that are really running the show.

### 2024-02-06 16:13 - a conquering warlord to set the new regime

I decided that since there's a lot of information missing about how I perceive main-sequence-stars (our archetype: isis). it's often best for a little bit of conflict to produce a stronger species, so typically quite brutish and very ambitious men are placed out there in these uninhabited worlds. with the help of these star-girls, these men rise to new heights. it's the pride of these stars to have converted so many of these brutish and ambitious men into well-behaved great men (and with a little bit of love).
	I actually believe this strategy for the receptive side (females) has been going on for quite some time -- perhaps even a few universe iterations. I'm reminded of the sirian narrative about a 7th ray magician (likely myself), that caused a bunch of people to blindly believe him, because that was the nonsense he produced to keep them less-than himself. it was all a proof to show that if there are such greats as these stars, then there are also a fair amount of these less-thans, to balance the greater-thans (stars) out.
	it's an important distinction to understand that because of status or action, one can be greater than another one; and it's basically this: if I'm receptive to the most awful dudes, and they still turn out as greater-than, then that makes me greater-than by default (essentially because since I'm the sun, I run the show). because of their tireless effort to make these men better, they can get away with quite a bit of resistance. that resistance is what they use to produce their star material.
so, what they're essentailly doing is placing me in a role where I'm supposed to dominate all of my enemies, put them all under my feet, grab a solar girl (or she's already waiting for the victorious guy), then ride my horse up to the tallest point and proclaim myself as victor over the domain: the tallest 2nd ray now, and hopefully taller than the previous ones, too. I will do no such thing, because that's not who I am.
the main difficulty that I have with their strat, is that it strongly rewards all of the people that nobody in a society wants to have around -- and it's all a descendent structure (passed down from heaven), the idea that a ruling king needs to set his rules and exert himself as dominant. the star that bags such a powerful victor now has trophy genetics that all the other girls now envy: they gatta find a way to make such a new don armado herself, find him and get herself one of him. if I were to be powerful conquerer, I'm just a trophy genetics that she's rewarding for finding the newest most powerful dominator.
obviously these main-sequence-star girls aren't really my thing. I couldn't care less to involve myself in one of those power structures. I just don't care. I want to make technology, and care nothing for the "who can catch mr-universe" competition. the competition is a great way to start on a desire, but it'll ultimately always keep the desire away infinitely. like trying to capture a tiny particle flying at a million miles an hour, it's essentially impossible: overshooting and understooting will always happen. the only way these girls will ever be able to catch such a fast particle, is to become *receptive* --
	which as ironic as it sounds, being receptive (energetically and physicazlly) is one of the more difficult things for many of these dominators that these solar girls attract. the solar girls are physically and energetically very receptive, but their opposite men they attract: not wanting at all to be physically receptive, and neither wanting to live in a society or around others that are energetically attractive/sensitive either. there is no amount of action that anyone can do to become attractive, unless the action is defined as attractive. therefore, if they were to live in a society were people were sensitive (ie perceiving and relating emotions), then attraction becomes how a person *feels*, and not what actions they're performing. when somone finds an action that has bad-feeling associated with it, as more desirable because the bad-feeling isn't enough anymore, all things break down, and such a structure never holds up anymore. 
-- because what they're looking for isn't and cannot come the way they want it to. they're going to keep getting what they've always been getting. maybe, if they try and adjust the target a bit so that he's more infinite and less finite, *then* we can catch him -- they might say, but still not going to work, even if the description is so great, because I'm an *attractive* person, so I have to be "caught" attractively. I have no interest in coming to setup some 2nd ray power domain for everyone to get on the sam5 page as I am, and to ensure that everyone I don't like, doesn't bother me.
unfortunately, I feel bad for the solar girls, because they want something so badly, but the society they've been building this entire time, can never produce it. I don't really have a solution for them either; because it's like telling every star that they're going to have to completely go backwards and attract instead of output. I can do nothing for them, cept maybe put these ideas into symbolic form for them to see what their system is actually attracting.
	even if I were able to put the ideas into a clear format, it still would unlikely to have any real impact at all. I'm literally telling millions of stars that they should maybe do things a bit differently. my mom is like one of these solar girls;-- and let me tell you, that she's not really all that interested in changing. she's got her idea that you have to go through a lot of bad, so that a little good can come out -- and the whole sacrificial (for the greater good) nonsense -- so I know, there's gonna be zero change there. however, (brb 17:20)
		there is one solution however that (unsurprisingly) is another idea I've also been working on: when I was envisioning "my" (LOA-based) side, the way I eventually came around to it is that I'm on the "night" side, and there are zero stars up in the night. it's entirely black, and we emit our light around us. we'll have ways of making a sky and weather and stuff, but the thing is that we're all centre-focused, and the reality around is is both illuminated by ourself and rendered by ourselves. all interactions take place in a reflective sense, so that we're constantly "riffing" off of one another -- but because we're constantly creating a reflection of ourself in the other person's reality, we're also wanting to be mostly around like-minded (conceptually-similar) *individuals*. everyone is an individual, and gets whatever they're attracting. I want to build a system whereby the individual can actually learn to become the thing they're wanting to attract, and that will be a part of the DNA even (more ideas there). anyway, the awesome thing about it is that on that side, we'll all improve what we attract, and we have no stars -- so, if a bunch of solar girls were on the LOA-side, that sun would actually start attracting the guys that they actually want: ie, that they're a reflection of theirselves. the stars that they represent (ie the rest of the universe) is on the "day" side of the earth, where there will also be a flatland, but it'll also have the most massive 2nd ray setup. it'll essentially be like a universal brain, pointed out (and a reflection of) all of the rest of the universe. I feel like YHWH when I tell them "go and *subdue* the entire universe". make it happen, you know... anyway, reason why it's a solution is that this enables juliet to become conceptual instead of relational, and finally make it into physical (juliet and desdemona are main-sequence-stars). (bbl - more to talk about)

#### 2024-02-06 19:19 - physically receptive or energetically receptive

one thing that I noticed strongly with raquel (a solar girl), is that she was not very energetically receptive on many frequencies. like, I could see things that were plainly obvious to me, but to her, they were not even c6nxidered. in addition to her own blind spots, I grew some of my own. normally, I wouldn't have so much difficulty to admit my failure or to fight till the very last moment to prove myself right (or wrong) -- but I did -- and I did much more than ever before. though she was physically receptive, things had to go just right, or else she was upset. but, she didn't want to talk about what actually makes her *happy*, so it was impossible to understand. I didn't really understand her until I came here and met greg; because he's essentially the exact opposite of her: not at all physsically receptive, but energetically very receptive. as ironic as it sounds, the person that she's *actually* looking for, is not myself but greg.
	in shakespere, this is the story of valentine and sylvia. sylvia is the feminine aspect of the star, and valentine is the masculine side. he's just an actor though: a (less-than) shadow of Love/desire. pure-desire abandons everything, but almost-pure-desire, says "no, instead of going all the way infinite, I'll designate these specific things as 'good' or 'wanted' and this is what I'll have for a manifestation. everything less-than-myself is not-good-enough" -- and that almost-pure-desire is actually what runs the show. somewhere out there, there's a star out there in masculine form, that just LOVES to find his star waiting for him to bed her. that for sure exists, and it's because of these guys, these stars exist. ---- or, to say it from the other way: the worst-feeling guys out there: everything is not-good-enough (ie less-than-myself) and so I *need* this solar girl to establish myself as the dominant new regime.
	when valentine finally meets sylvia, it is, of course happening in "verona" and not on earth, because valentine is not actually seeing her. he's seeing the image of her in his mind (cause love is blind), and they're not actually interazcting with each other physically. they're in a sort of super mental highly idealised version of reality (verona), where the mascline aspect is highly idealised. in radio terms, the signal (charactor) is boosted to such amplitudes that the unideal aspects are not perceived. the unideal aspects only play out in real-life (where love is blind). the complete ignorance of all unwanted aspects makes for this sort of fairy-tale reality, where the "good" guy is presented as really great (regardless of his charactor), because he's "the one". he's the guy, because it was foretold and prophesied that he is the guy -- so nevermind any charactor checks, let's just get married right away, and off we go into our new *kingdom*. these fairy-tale narratives play out a lot different in physical earth, because they're not these idealised realities. here, the accomplihment of a conceptually-similar result takes a lot more to happen: physical things need to take place. it's not just some idealised wedding and load-blowing that gets stuff done around in the physical. there's a narrative process that needs to take place for something like that: a sort of spell or incantation that brings the defined thing in, instead of the chaotic possiblity of **what's attracted**. we'll see what turns out, I guess, but I'm obviously not going to have any part in any of that. (brb)

### 2024-02-25 21:12 - m/ main-sequence of complaints (1)

sometime previously (in reference to laura from snake-bros) I mentioned that I don't really have much to say to the solar girls. I've done enough star-watching that I understand their perspective, and I get how it works. however, it's not a perspective that I want to have, or really be too involved with. I'll start my complaints now:
1. the reward system is all messed up: if I'm a complete loser, I can get solar girls, because it seems they have a competition amongst theirselves to see what powerful guy they can take down by sleeping with him. however, if I'm a really great guy, then I basically get nothing. if she empoweres me considerably, what happens is, I desync with reality: the saturnian-system cannot allow me to emit so many changes, so they have to kill me off, and make the timeline where I died, the one that everyone knows about (rewriting history and so fourth). the problem here is that the saturnian-system is always going to go the path of most resistance (cause that's the way it was designed to go), but that the reward just isn't worth it. if I want to do/make awesome stuff (for myself), I get that I have to do it by myself (else I become an emitter), but it'd always be more awesome if others were around.
	the *reason* I feel is the problem here. any time there's a reason, there's a justification, and that always means something symbolic. the justification would always be something like, "I think he's getting better" or "this is better for everyone", etc. the *reason* (why) is usually the motivating force for most 2nd-rays, because if they can align with the reason, then alignment with the rest is easier. that's a logical fallacy I can't remember the name of right now, but it's often used in advertising: (ex. 100k people die from lung cancer, we prevent lung cancer, so align with us). getting people to align over the "why" aspect is notably 2nd-ray, and contains within it all of the problems that a symbolic system has.
		I personally have abandoned the *why* system altogether. now, I use the *how* system; which means I'm only focused on how it's done (implementation), which is relative/specific to its situation; and how (do) I (want to) see it, how (do) I (want to) feel, etc. the feeling part, both in the present and future tense, is always going to reflect desire (desire is the real motive force: how the person wants to feel (present or future)), and the past tense is comparing the past to the present or future, which is symbolic (all comparisons are). I'm super duper great at only looking at the present, because it's natural to look and compare the past to the present; however my trajectory is toward only concerning how I feel new and not even worrying about the future (which is now, cause I'm thinking about it now). that system works out a lot better, because how I feel determines my trajectory into the future (and alters m/ perception/trajectory from the past). also how I want to feel, is core to implementing only-attraction: ie, those things don't feel the way I want to feel, and so therefore I'm not attracting them to m5.
	these solar girls are incredibly great motivation for most men to go gay, actually -- because they don't want to *have* to do things her way -- and would prefer to do things their way. additionally, because the reward system is such that only the really bad-feeling guys get any reward, and the saturnian-system is designed in such a way that any real reward can only be accomplished in one's own life (can't rely on others to create for me, or affect others to go my way without getting pushback), the whole system continually amplifes bad-feelers get amplified really strong (ie, they become strong emitters theirselves of their own bad-feeling), causing them to abandon the solar girls entirely, not wanting to get destroyed by their desire for physical conditions/pleasure, and the actual dudes of any quality also have to find a way to go their own way.
		this is a problem inherent to all relational systems: a system that is constantly aware of relational things, often compares things outside, and not outside to inside. you've probably noticed that I compare *everything* to myself: when I read a story, I think I'm every character (until I decide we're not related), cause I've found it to be more and more difficulty to relate (along with an enormous waste of time) to compare things outside of me amongst theirselves, and not in relation to me. I find I only truly understand something when I can relate to it -- so if I'm comparing things which have to relation tto me (things I don't understand), then my conclusions could be anything -- cause I don't understand any of the things I'm comparing from my own perspective.
		I believe that all relational systems are on the path toward the centre, because they may start out with a whole bunch of misunderstood things out there (with seemingly no relation to me), kinda like a child, ya know; but then as time goes on, it seems that more and more things are relatable/understandable to m5, and so therefore, I find that after some time, I get/understand/relate to *everyone* and *everything*. therefore, the goal of any sensitive and well-intentioned (to understand) relational system, is to find itself the centre of all things, with everything else's relations, essentially non-players (unimportant).
			if we look at that effect over time, we see a system that tends toward itself becoming the most dominant thing in the system (because now everything relates to it). or, all 2nd-ray systems want to become more powerful so that everything is in relation to them.
	so, if all of the reward systems are designed so that we're all to just go our own way, there's no sense in trying to get others involed in my experience. the 2nd-ray reward is to become more isolated and to have to find their own way (ie become individual/centre), then relations are no longer primary. what I mean by that, is that relations will occur naturally in any system with one or more thing in it, so it's not important at all what anyone else is doing. instead, because there's so much stuff, and there's no way to consume all of the things, then I find myself not worrying about what anyone else is doing; I'm now heading in the direction of only-attraction.
		before going only-attraction, I think it's necessary to *make decisions*. this is part of the triad of (boundaries, decision making, and accountability). I see something I don't like, and I can either just let it continue to bother me, or I can *decide*, I don't want this around or to interact with it, etc, so I ignore it -- but then I find out that stuff that I'm deciding to ignore, is stuff that I've attracted, so I start chaninging my attraction (by paying attention to how I perceive the things I'm focused on). [I noticed today (or maybe it was a few days ago) that boundaries, decision making, and accountability are all beginning steps in trying to figure out the politics (many ticks/annoyances) of my environment. I should probably write about it ... soon ... you know what: this is the first of a number of complaints that I have. I want to enumerwate the rest, but I want to think about my revelations a bit because I said a lot of really interesting stuff] 
