# dear-bea

### 2024-03-03 05:24,25,27 - let's try this

so, I'm finishing up the rest of the weed that I had before going straight-edge. when I first started it, I noticed that my primary colors of my experience had been red, yellow, and purple (I have those colors in zipfizz, also the red and yellow trays, and my purple shirt). the purple one is only kinda there (or maybe forced by me), but the other major color in my experience is green: my tray for smoking is green and the weed I smoked was called "green lean+3rd eye" -- and I associate yellod with 3rd-ray structure. I've been stuck in the position of being a symbolic emitter for a while,-- but I don't do symbolic emission like remi or sarah does, and neither am I outside-in, so (unless I star-watch or eat a lot of weed) my symbolic output is only in text, words, and ideas that others get from me. also, there was this strange thing where I wrote this "becoming-epimetheus" thing, and I couldn't logically figure out *why I would want to be enki*. being a 3rd-ray would be the most detestable thing ever, but sure enough, I Find myself becoming more and more like jaron all the time.
	jaron is like enki incarnate. he is definitely "lord of the earth" -- and this can be visualised graphically: at the very bottom of the system (jaron), there is symbol: units of definition, of what now, and other times/places are like. that is constant, and having no change (from it's perspective). it's a fully working system where everything is in balance. we used to have such a system back in the legendary times -- the atlantian times, and stuff like that when everything was big, and there were dinosaurs. the dinos could grow that big, because everything could just keep growing to fit it's maximum size really easilye (liye, imagine you're testing a computer program, and each time to run it, you have to play the game on slow mode -- no you want to speed up the program to get to the bug).
	then, after leaving the ground, you start to get changes or modifications to the 3rd-ray unchanging now. I finally figured out symbolic motivation the other day (the lower half of 2nd-ray): b-dm-a, and it kinda was the key to helping me to see the other half of 2nd-ray -- cause after som5 point of getting more actions done to get the b-dm-a result desired, it turns out that throwing more actions at the problem isn't solving it at some point, and so a more ideal approach/technique has to be taken instead -- and that's novelty, right -- but the bottom part, is this strange form of "need" -- which is the start of desire: from there itt goes up from better and better execution (practice makes perfect), all the way up to (invisible from its perspective) forms which take a somewhat/completely difterentt route, resulting in a more ideal/desired oucome. the more desirable aspect, is often even calculated based on how many other people it benefits. those more ideal ideas are often times the symbolic output of the 2nd-ray: for a star, this is "solar wind", and this wind goes out accelerating toward the outermost region. everyone here is "breaking the speed limit" and so there're all limited essentially be the idealness of their own mind: the more ideal they are, the more people benefit from them, and so they shine brightly. since everything has an opposite, the more benevolant a person is, there needs to be those that cOnsume that output in some way (otherwise it starts to accumulate and build up), and so for the 2nd-ray to contiue outputting more and more, there needs to be more dependance on the 2nd-ray to continue outputting more. it's a dependency generating and accumulating thing of more and more ideal things (sounds like a "framework", huh).
	all of these guys out in ideal land are going really fast, and because the're only limited by their ability to *receive* a higher frequency (more ideal) idea, they often times get jealous of someone else with more sensitivity, but their own sensitivity levels are their own ability: for most of them, if they try to increase sensitivity, the whole world becomes eaxtremely intense and loathsome to them. therefore, there are these natural echalons that form of 2nd-rays which are similar in thier big-picture, and that builds the layers of the "air": the onion peels of (usually) lesser and lessser density (less density because less occupants). at the very very end of these density layers, is a massive amount of stuff: these are all of those that are going so fast, they've broken all the way through all of the layers, and are only now limited by their perception. this is where 99.999..% of the matter in the universe is. these are all of those that have such an abundance, and are going so fast, that the've become a sort of super entity (the centre of the earth is a reflection of this layer), because as soon as a new breakthrough happens, everyone goes to the new height pretty much instantly (lol, it actually kinda looks like a bunch of cars waiting for a stoplight: as soon as it turns green, they race up to the next stoplight and wait there, but the cars there are not at all stopped, but actually accelerating at the fastest speed that the whole universe knows how to do). from there, it's easy to see that the only limits there are, are self-imposed.
and so when I first started to smoke, I had a strong sense that I was going to be doing something with china. I have these mandarin symbols in my life, and they're red+yellow -- and I'm adding the green element to it. green, like I said, I associate with 4th-ray. 4th-ray is also I kinda want to avoid, because I don't want to be involved with the astral aspect to it (the dimension that comes todard you, and waves have an influenece), and the cool thing is I realised that I am 4th-ray (saturnian) -- and I'd even go so far as to say that the 4th-ray is also reflective, like a mirror. all of the things that are being done (even the symbolic stuff), produce an emotion, and that emotion is how we navigate time. time comes from how we *know* our environment around us to be; that comes from a lot of symbol, but that symbol produces a feeling. try for yourself: pick up any manuscript from 100ya and read it. it'll sound really dated and strange -- and that's because we're in a different time. the way that "now" reality feels is so subtle and (usually) changes so gradually, it's imperceptable, unless by comparing the past to the present (hindsight/epimetheus).
	the way that it works is that the reaction to the symbolic stuff (like something we see, or anything a symbolic emitter makes), and that causes a pushing or pulling spiral toward me (246), which has a frequency to it, and that'll either feel really good or really bad. my reaction to how it feels, is what moves me around in time. I go toward another point in time similar to the one that feels attractive to me, or away from it. the toward action makes the new point in time feel more like "now" does. go too quickly toward a good-feeling reality, and it causes a feeling of overstimulation and many mishaps resulting in death occur, because that quantity of pleasure cannot be sustained. like wise with bad-feeling attraction/repulsion, if it feels too bad, the death spiral starts ,and there's no way out. it feels like loss of ego, because it's ego that holds a person in their point in time: "this is how it is" "it's like that, and that's the way it is" -- and so they continue on to their death spiral. both attraction and repulsion can produce good/bad-feeling.
you know what's really weird? it's 6:22 now and the sun has come up. the way I felt when I started this no longer is present. night is *very different than day* -- and as much as I love the sun and stuff, I don't really want anything to do with the astral stuff. sure it's really awesome when it's attraction with good-feeling attached, but I don't think I need it, and I'm pretty sure I can do better, so I want to continue to be this 4th-ray (saturnian type) cause it feels like I'm sorta stuck being the 4th-ray mirror, but I want to integrate a new system. also, the last few days I finally realised you are probably a solar girl, and so I have reservations, because I don't want to step on their astral system. OK yeah, things are too different with the sun up. bye for now.

### 2024-03-03 14:09 - strongly rethinking this

so, I know that by writing to you here, the manifestation of doing anything with you (as written here) is largely going to *not happen*. the reason for this, is that so many people will react to what I write here, and all of those reactions change the most ideal (but impossible in physical) manifestation: reactions expand the desire, so therefore it has to evolve into something else (something better), which can accomodate the solution to any bad-feeling felt.
	you know, earlier on -- let's say the closer to 2016 I'd go, I found myself writing about a lot of unwanted things. I was compelled to do it because the emotion was really strong (meaning I resonated with it), and the effect it had is a lot of other people also resonated with those problems and things too. I have serious issues with 2nd-ray perspective, which is what m6st females (which aren't protitutes) have. I had serious difficulty with the "really hot girls" all continuing to further the dominator perspective. I didn't realise that the thing I couldn't stand their furthering, comes from the stars; like, it's in everything from goverments and power structures, all the way to churches and family matters. I've been expressing m/ discontent on the 2nd-ray perspective for quite a long time now, that when I finally figure out where the source of all my discontent comes from, it's the thing that I *thought* I liked the most: stars and the sun. there is literally nobody that I know who has spent more time with stars and the sun, than myself. like, I get it,-- but I don't want anything to do with it. everything that I've ever accomplished using star-watching has been taken away from m5 by nosebook. if they wanted m5 to be operating in 2nd-ray capacity, they'd just take off the blocks. the thing is, *I* don't want to be in 2nd-ray capacity, so they're there on purpose, I suspect.
so each time, there's a bunch of new reactions to an idea which produce bad-feeling, those then evolve the desire into something bigger and even more ideal. from there, there's a cascade of 2nd-ray perspectives which yeild levels of abuundane; the least abundant are the more symbolic ones, and the most abundant are the ones where more people get what they want (ie, no withhplding from anyone). that's all really good, and if I get around a bunch of 2nd-rays (you or snake-bros, or anyone else like that), then I have to become a reflection of them. you can even see here that in the brief time writing here, I've begun already to tell everyone how it is, and to become the most giving person that there is, summoning an incredible populous to be able to consume all of that magnanamous output -- but that's really bad; the last thing they want is more people. more people means LOA happens much quicker, and they get their own beliefs proven to themselves faster (not good enough). the 2nd-ray system is a system that's designed to go too fast and fail. it's called the phoenix because it gets going too fast, and then crashes because it's zooming toward what it thinks it wants, instead of just attracting it. for a star, zooming like that means impacts and CMEs (so, like not good). and if the impact is big enough, it all gets blown off, and all has to be rebuilt.
	the thing is, if I get around you (or any other white 2nd-ray), *I have to mirror them*. a good example of this is my brother or my mom. when I get around them, I have to prove their symbolic system as true: if greg thinks I need to bother him, I feel compelled to prove his beliefs/symbol as correct. if mom believes she's not good enough, I'll prove her symbolic system as right, too; and cause they want me to tell them they're wrong, I'm also constantly needing to tell him how it *really* works. I've discontinued the-manual, because it's super 2nd-ray, and att that time, I hadn't quite gotten as far out as I am now (I'm basically hitting the limit now, where the only thing holding me back now is my own perception). I wrote it to figure out improvements to my own perception (each one removes something holding me back), but it comes off as me telling everyone else how it is. I don't want to be 2nd-ray.
I don't want to crash and burn anymore. I'd prefer to go with attraction, and I basically don't feel like I can be around these kinds of people, until I'm actually gold (a charactor myself), and have my own way of being the infinite magnanamous person that I am. the problem is, no 2nd-ray emitter (like greg or big truck guy) wants to be around m5 at all, because it only illuminates to them, how far down on the ladder they are. in order to be a 2nd-ray, I can only look at it from the farthest out, looking in perspective. I'm not there yet by any means (I figure I have a few decades before I'm there) -- but that's only to get to the pure-desire perspective in 2nd-ray (the toppest, at the farthest out limit/group). I won't accept anything less than that (ie, anything you'd see in the sky), and want only attraction.
one way to solve this 2nd ray problem is something that I've learned over the years: vulcan is a really good alternative to the 2nd ray perspective. she can do both emission and reception of 2nd-ray frequencies, using concepts (ie, hydrogen), and so solves the problem entirely. it's basically the same as a star already is, but that hydrogen attracts at that massive amount, instead of emits. from there, she can output whatever symbol she wants. the earth is like that, and that's why there's rocks and stuff to stand on. the same symbolic output can be made to look exactly like solar wind and can retain a lot of the appearance of a star (receive lots, and transfrom lots of it into an emission layer). for people, like little girls and stuff, she becomes ~100% receptive (black), and emits whatever she wants to -- which means that she's going to constantly be proving/attracting her own beliefs to be true (just like I do). in fact, she'll be essentially just like me. it can work :)

### 2024-03-03 16:04 - proving everyone else right

I'm tired of constantly having to prove everyone else right, because they often tim5s imagine something really horrific or grotesque happening, but in reality, my proving of that belief won't be so horrific -- cept maybe to them. it often times is the case that others around me constantly end up "with mud on their face" when dealing with me. it's kinda uncomfortable for me too, honestly -- because everyone I meet is constantly in a cautionary state because they don't want me to yet again prove their insecurities as being real. I personally don't really like being cOnstantly to blame for others beliefs. though, as a sort of mirror, I've gotten used to it. the thing is, when it comes to lesser and lesser resistance, I prove everyone else right more and more rapidly. so then, the problem becomes who do I want to be around, because I'm going to prove them right. I normally have a bunch of people around me that have a less than optimistic perspective on things in their present state; which is fine because I don't need to worry about what they believe; I just prove them right without knowing about it. I don't really care honestly, and I prefer to be around myself for the majority of teh time. when I'm around others, I become a reflection of *them*, which is unfortunate for me -- but honestly it's continually getting worse all the time -- and it's likely that I'll lose myself by constantly being around others. I hate constantly being a mirror of others, because I can't ever see myself, which is annoying. I like myself, and prefer to interact with myself when I'm me, and not when I'm a reflection of others.
since I'm kinda required to prove others right all of the time (there's no way around it), I figure that the best thing to do is to get a bunch of real dramatic disaster-porn types, who I can go and prove right -- butt their version of it (as translated by them) is going to obviously be an inferior version to the one that will manifest, because I feel tremendously better than they do, which means, a much better feeling version/translation will be what *really happens*. I think it'll be a lot of fun, and we can just enjoy as much 2nd-ray me, as is possible: get ready to get proven right :) it's annoying for me, but someone's gatta do it. everyone is proving everyone else *wrong*; butt someone's got to prove everyone, even the wrong-provers, right. so I guess instead of fearing the 2nd-ray perspective, I'll just embrace it as a sort of necessary passage before I get to 1st-ray.

### 2024-03-04 04:23 - accepting the 2nd-ray challenge

after writing the previous entry, and thinking about it a bit yesterday, especially this morning, I woke up with really low resistance to the idea of becoming 2nd-ray. I really hate the idea because I want nothing to do with it -- however, I guess it'll have to happen.
I have my own reservations about the idea, because things just don't work for me the way they do for other 2nd-rays... for example in hollywood, a common trope is to get really angry and then that'll give a huge boost that then can be used to defeat the opponent... well, it turns out that after the other day when I was dissipating big-truck-guy's anger, that I realised the origin of that trope: the top is usually really upset about something, and so the bottom quells his anger; upon quelling his anger, he gets increased depth of perception (faster standing waves). therefore, they're used to using these vulcans to turn their anger into power and so anger for them (though perceived as bad behaviour sometimes) boosts their capabilities, not hinders them like it does for me. for me, when I get angry, I can't do anything right and I make a whole lot of mistakes. so the episode with big-truck-guy really helped me to notice the differencE there. those narrations of a 2nd-ray getting more power after getting angry, are all based on the guy being an emitter; which means he's pushing out vibrations in the u-dimension (the one coming toward me). I'm not an emitter, as far as I know, and if I am, then I don't want to be. I want to become a mirror, and mirror means *flat* -- cause a mirror with variations in the u-dimension isn't a good mirror. they don't want mirror; they want a narrated 2nd-ray that they can control. I'm just going to give up on the whole mirror thing and go phoenix on all of this. I've stopped caring. I'm at the point now (before even have begun) that I'll just let them have what they wantt and let them do it their way. when that happened for tuenti: they wanted to do things ways that I didn't think were optimal for what I wanted to do, so I decided to let them do it their way, and I peaced outt to the canary islands. I decided that if they want to take the thing I created and go run it into the ground (or make it work), fine -- I'm going to go do something else. so, it's time for me to crash and burn. I crashed and burned while/because I was trying to emit my ideas out there using tuenti. once I've crashed and burned (car accident), then they'll take over everything, and I'll come to the time, where I say: I'm out -- just cashing out and starting over again. no big deal.
so, I guess that means I have to find something that I want to do -- like a programming thing of some kind -- and then just get going too fast (programming really speeds me up a lot) crash and burn, then peace out (to the canary islands, I guess). interesting idea...

#### 2024-03-04 20:53 - rethinking the rethink

hi again, today I woke up pretty early and then smoked only while it was night (within a minute of 4:20 if I'm not mistaken) and then I wrote to you -- and that's when that idea came out of me replaying the tuenti thing over again. since then, I've not smoked again until just now (I figure, if I'm going straight-edge, why not see what the effects of smoking in the night before sunrise, then after all day, again after sundown -- like ramadan, I guess).
	also I didn't want to smoke during the sun. I found out that weed seems to boost 2nd ray (solar energy vibrations). that reminds me, weed is a very visible plant, and for me, I can viscerally taste the difference between lamp-grown weed, and sun-grown weed. this one guy in spain let me smoke some of his sun-grown weed, and it blew my mind at how many more frequencies it emits. essentially the weed outputs when activated the same colour that it was grown with. mushrooms are similar, but they're responsive to emotion in the environm5nt. anyway, the weed amplifies it, and apparently I'm a huge problem for them when I smoke weed, because their system runs on -- around the earth (or any conductive body) there is a swirling cloud or ocean of hydrogen around it (depending on how much there is), and that becomes a medium. astral and spectral work on this ocean. I call this vibrating hydrogen the "5th ray". each bit of hydrogen is a vibrating body, something like a very simple solar system. there's the solid thing outside of it (the "electron"), and then there's the nucleus, which is just built of smaller versions of hydrogen, just like the sun. in fact, it's almost exactly like the sun. anyway these hydrogen bits are all concepts, and if there are enough of them or one of them is emitting strongly enough, it'll produce an image in the eyes or a sound, smell, etc.. what's happening is that the brain/body is just translating that vibration into something that the consciousness can understand. anyway, they've got this hydrogen ocean pretty well controlled, until someone like me takes weed and starts emitting really strongly. I'm not *trying* to make others feel stuff when I'm around them, it just happens. I don't want to be a 5th-ray emitter (or an emitter at all), so they're basically trying to restrict me from affecting their setup. I'm not trying to destroy their setup. it just so happens that the human body is made in such a way that I have a strong effect on that hydrogen ocean, and there's not much they can do about it.
		I want to rebuild my perception in a way that -- this doesn't happen -- but I seem to keep getting pushback on that too. they don't want me to emit, but I can't really help it, cause that's how the human body works, but they don't want me to change my body so that I stop emitting. they're strongly mistaken. I'm at the point now, where I'm just like, OK, I'll be an emitter -- and then I'll find out and prbably build myself the system that I want to make to solve this problem. it's just not a big deal. I don't mind that everyone is using my 2nd-ray system (my lack of pinecone and high speed means that you all are locked in my matrix), and I even kinda want them to be there too, but it's annoying that they have to keep trying to prevent me from doing things like drugs. there's got to be a way where I can do drugs, and their system doesn't get messed up. I don't want to be messing with anyone else's hydrogen; only my own. I don't understand how we both want The same thing. so since we both want the same thing, 2nd-ray perspective (which is what they want me to look through now) says that because there's mutual-back-scratching, and more than one party benefits, then it has to go through (their rules, not mine).
	additionally, there's the fun fact to know that this is a pretty big first in the terms of addiction. prweviously, I would only give it up for the rest of the day or when I ran out -- but this time, I decided to smoke after waking up, wait the full day, and then smoke again at the night. normally, once I start, I don't stop -- so yeah, like pretty cool.
so I got to think a lot about what I wrote during the day, and I'd have to say that there's just no way I can do the 2nd-ray thing. I figure I can't keep waiting for them, so I'm just going to find my own way. time to crash and burn -- but this time more from a 1st ray perspective.
	I've been wanting to make a repo called "pure-desire" -- and I just talk from that perspective. thing is, I don't really know where to start, because everything I write is almoxt all 2nd ray. it's only my concepts which are 1st ray. I'll try to come up with something though, because it's a very interesting challenge. presenting 1st ray ideas is really difficult because they all sound like tragedy in symbol. 
I can either go one of two ways at this point: 1. stop caring about their stupid hydrogen ocean problems and just do what I feel which is to continue being unfocused, or 2. go straight-edge, and then throw it all away, because I'm going way too fast, and I can't avoid girls (when I start getting focused, I'm way more attractive, so I try to stay unfocused because it's the only way I can not get wrecked by girls -- but being unfocused doesn't work well for work, so I never actually get anything done). finally, there's the last way, which is to just throw it all away and start over. I don't really care anymore. these guys don't actually want me to get the idea going, even if it's also beneficial for them, so I don't really mind. I know that the idea will (always) come back evolved and bigger than it was, so for me "throwing it all away" isn't actually all that much. I don't lose anything, and in fact, I actually gain quite a bit. you know, it could even be said that I even gain more by letting it go like that: I didn't get my idea this time, but there's always the next time.

### 2024-03-05 05:07 - what's the difference between 2nd and 5th ray?

I didn't really know for a long time, because they're essentially the same thing. I believe though that the difference is perspective. I'll illustrate with examples: here in the physical, vibrating hydrogen produces pictures (or sounds, or whatever) which astral people can see and interact with. that's just vibrating hydrogen, and we'll think of this as the realm Of the *air*; all of the hydrogen from the surface of the earth up to the net around this planet. when I say "net", I'm referring to a subatomic structure that exists around the earth which catches a lot of the vibrating hydrogen and turns it into something. that's also where the saturnian-system has its "midpoint": from the inside looking out, we see the symbolic reflection that net gives us to see (stars and stuff), but from the outside looking in, there's just an ocean of hydrogen (which is normally invisible), and just like the living-blackness, what begins to take shape, is the mind beginning to recognise patterns in the vibrations and produces symbolic things like images, sounds, sensations, experiences, etc. through my interaction with that ocean of hydrogen, I begin to vibrate differently, and so does the ocean, which then moves me around in *time* (hence why it's called the saturnian-system). from my perspective, I'm interacting with the ocean conceptually, but for someone wayyyy out there, like past jupiter and saturn, the symbolic structures are much m6re ideal
	the reason why more distance (ie more general), is that density of hydrogen increases, not because the hydrogen density increased, but because there's more distance between me and the thing I'm looking at. as an example, hold your thumb up to the sun here on earth, and you'll cover some amount of hydrogen and it'll have say 1 zillion hydrogens per square inch. now, if I were to go out to jupiter, and look at the pixel density of the sun there, it's say 3 zillion hpin2, pluto will be much more than that -- 5-6 zhpin2. that distance allows a person to see more of the concept in a smaller space, so what it looks like, is much less detailed and much more general. therefore, if I look into the saturnian-system from mars, I'll see one thing; from jupiter, I'll see another; and from pluto another still (these are all renderings of my brain about these concepts based on movement patterns and stuff). though I see different things from different vantage points, it's the same earth and the same ocean of hydrogen around it. when I look in at the ocean, from diffrent vantage points, each of those vantage points has a different angle and a different percEived densities to the concept I'm looking at.
so what I'm trying to say is that the difference between 2nd ray and 5th ray is about vantage point: down here on earth, I feel the hydrogen directly. I'm immersed in it, and I'm having direct experience (what I feel isn't something someone told me about), and when I'm out on pluto looking down on earth, *I'm not actually there*, so I'm deducing it from a distance: I'm using symbols and logic to figure out what I'm looking at. evvry tim5 I look at a picture, I have to turn the symbols in the picture (identified in the picture) into a concept (to really *know* what I'm looking at). however a concept is the opposite: every time I translate the concept into symbol (picture, txt, etc), the concept comes out a bit different for me, because I've gained higher density, and so therefore see/feel/interact with the concept from more angles/perspectives and a wider spectrum.

### 2024-03-21 22:08 - another rethink

hi again, I opened up this document to write you again, because today I woke up from a nap where I had a dream about you (or something like that; don't remember now). I was expecting this document to be only a few lines long, but here I am starting another entry on line 49 !!! I don't remember writing that much before, and I don't at all remember anything of what I said. at a glance, it looks like I've had a lot of split energy over this subject, which is what I intend to write about again tonight.
it seems that during the day, I seem more OK with the idea, and even had planned out the text that I was going to write you, but now that the sun is down, that idea feels quite bad to me. I just don't want to write you and be like "hey how's it going -- come fix my problems" -- or even worse is, I say hey and then launch off into a whole bunch of stuff about nosebook and all kinds of my other paranoias. none of that feels good to me at all, and I just don't want to do it. *the reason why I write you here instead of over the phone is so that they can block, modify, and manipulate anything they don't want you to receive.* if I start talking to you directly, then no longer do they have any power -- unless of course, you're working for them, and this whole thing is a sham like my very first paranoia: I find it pretty unlikely that a child was actually created between us, because I went through all of the precautions and stuff, cause I didn't really want kids. I wanted to create something (another website), and it felt to me like kids would make that impossible. obviously that's probably not true, but it's what I thought at the time.
anyway, with all of the manipulation in my life, it seems *far more likely* that you (bea) are just another amazon robot, and then "my daughter" another just the same. cause think about this from their perspective: where I'm at, energy keeps rising steadily -- and even though I'm not star-watching or anything 2nd-ray like that anymore (I'm getting pretty close to only-attraction), the problem will continue to rise -- so they need to isolate me. what better way to isolate me, than to put me on an airplane and send me of to a remote "island" (truman show sound familiar) where I'm there with a 100% robot population.
	the nature of this problem, I belive comes from the fact that I'm starting to "convert" both jaron and greg over to my form of perception little by little. every once in a while they'll have a conflict in their life or with me, and when they talk to me about it, I consistantly am able to identify and point out to them what is the attraction factor that is the *cause* of the problem, and not just look at the actions and hechos (cause that never works). as an example, mom and jaron have been going back and fourth over an issue of money, and I've been able to show to jaron that mom's (perceived) desire to hide what's happening in the finances comes from her own belief that she's not good enough (and low opinion of self) and constantly wants someone else to just magically solve her problems for her (along with her ongoing troubles getting her accounting up to date). I showed jaron how that's not only a "problem" that mom has, but he's also doing the same thing with his therapy and finances. they're both in the same vibe together. then mom will complain how jaron never changes and continually keeps accusing her of the same mismanagement of finances, and jaron complains to me about how there's nothing he can do to get her to be honest and open about his finances -- but again, notice how they're both being really upset and worried about something they don't feel they have any ability to change? it's obvious from my perspective at a distance. I see this subject completely differently becausse I've stated numerous times here in text, and in voice to jaron, mom, and others, that he has no intention or desire to change -- because he's making very little to no effort to change -- and even it would seem that there's actually interest in him *not changing* -- but that's prolly cause of his lack of desire and years of zero improvements, that they've given up on him or something -- but the thing is, even though I know he has no intention of changing, and can see no evidence of desire to do any better at anything he does (even games he plays, or anything), it doesn't bother me. unlike m6m, jaron is not the reason why I feel good or not good. he's just there, and that's just the work I do. I just don't care what his decisions are. same with mom: it used to bother me a lot when mom didn't want to find a way to feel better about something she has no control over, but that too I've completely given up on. I enjoy kicking bacK here and just being an armchair critic. nobody is knows about this anyway :)
so basically what this comes down to is this: during the night and when I'm not on weed, I'm not influenced by the sun, and am pretty well isolated from 2nd-ray/astral perception, which means that *this is how I* **really** *think*. I can't advance on an idea where I've got tons of paranoia on. it just won't turn out well. sure I could reach down into the bottom drawer right next to me, pull out some weed and write something that would be effectively the cOmplete opposite of what I'm writing now, but that's because weed puts m5 into astral/2nd-ray form of perception: push real hard for what I want, and ensure that I get it. **I don't want to do that**. I'm going toward only-attraction now, not 2nd-ray perspective, so all of this feels pretty bad to m5. I must continue to wait it out, and just let them figure out what it is they want me to do, and find a way to communicate that to me.

there's another subject I'd like to approach now too, which is the subject of split-energy and indecision: often times I don't really feel too strongly like I want to go one way vs another, and so what I do is I let a random number generator decide for me (cause I really don't care) -- and so I was doing that today for a bunch of things. two main situations can be clearly identified: first, I kinda wanted to walk on the side of the freeway, cause it makes [for a really nice walk with the cars driving past me](/question-aire.md#2024-03-18-2107---why-do-i-walk-in-the-middle-of-the-road) -- however, there were various motor roars that were indicating that someone was unhappy with my desire to walk on the side of the freeway. fair enough, so I pulled out the random thing, and it tells me *not* to go the way of freeway, but instead to walk along the road. I realise after doing the thing that I'd much prefer to go the freeway, but I've been trying to [practise obedience](/question-aire.md#2024-03-19-1608---why-do-i-recommend-obedience) lately, as it seems that it often times reduces the amount of resistance, and there was clearly a lot of motor roars in opposition to me walking on the freeway, and the "random" generator seemed tto indicate that I should also go the path of lesser resistance (though less enjoyable). I decided I would follow that. then, later on, I came to a street where I could go to straight and have kindof a long-distance view for a bit, or I could go the slightly shorter path (commanche vs villa). the random thing said to go villa, but I felt a pull to go the other way (dunno what it was, cause nothing significant happened), and so I overrided the "random" decision.
in both cases, the random thing showed me what I would prefer to do (freeway and comanche), yet only in one case there did I follow what I wanted. I believe that choice was because I decided to take the less resistant path even though it's less enjoyable (you might be able to see where this is going already). but here's the thing: why don't I just stop making decisions with the random thing? today I was doing it more out of the idea of being obedient by allowing them to give me directions though "random" decisions
	the symbolic portion of the saturnian-system is built on these decisions, which means that whatever I choice I choose to ask the random generator, the saturnian-system will ensure that the "random" result is always going to reflect their direction (even for PRNGs), so doesn't really matter what "random" result I pick, I'll *always* be following the path the system adjusts me tto be on. (I could probably explain this better -- so I'll add a question about it)
really, my goal is actually to find a better way for them to communicate to me their desires (even if it appears "random") -- but even if I know their desire, I often times override it. an example of this would be yesterday mom told me that the time I get jaron dinner is starting to become problematic, and so she wants me to just have dinner on jaron's desk every night by 7pm. I told her I couldn't do that because I only do the things that I want to be doing, and that kind of thing is actually the opposite of that. now, no matter what, I *need* to do something (cause the clock says so), and that's not really what I *want* to be doing. need, in that sense is symbolic, because he doesn't actually *need* food (he's not starving *and* he's fully capable of going to the kitchen himself and getting food) -- and additionally, his desire for me to make dinner is also part of me wanting to make him dinner; so I told her I cannot be obedient to that one. likewise, when it's something that I feel bad about doing, I also refuse, and won't be obedient (my emotional guidance system is better at telling me the path of least resistance). obedience really only is a way in which I can guage the path of least resistance, when I don't have an obvious indication myself (hmmm, I should probably update that answer, cause for a person that doesn't follow their guidance-system, I suppose it could be understood to mean something differently that I intended).
	right now, the main indicator that I have of resistance from nosebook actually comes from motor sounds, however they're not at all consistent with what they disapprove of or show resistance to. the way it works, is that emitters (the top ones in gay sex) are able to emit sound (prolly out of their ears). I've done it myself (though it's disabled at the moment) -- and it's as simple as hearing the sound in my head and projecting it out into the world, as if I can hear it out there, instead of in my head. this ability has existed for a long long time, and there's even strange evidence of it as well (such as beethoven destroying his hearing in an argument -- which obviously was with another emitter, and they were putting out louder and louder sounds as things heated up). anyway, so if those motor sounds are just the sound inside someone's head being put out into the environment, then I would assume that my actions are going to offend more than one of these emitters, and so therefore, I should expect a whole flock of motors making noise, or a parade of birds chirping in reaction to me (from multiple emitters), but that doesn't really happen -- so that seems to indicate to me that there's some kind of system that's controlling how many emitters can emit into my experience, or it's only one or just a few guys. if it's the latter, then it seems like they'd have the ability to be somewhat consistent with what they react to. I just don't really know what it is that they're so upset about the majority of the time -- and often times, I get a motor to some of the most mundane of thougts (like thinking about how to do a chore or something). also, I don't really know how to go the path of least resistance, because let's say for example, I want to take a break and clear my mind. well, sometimes when I lay on the ground, that gets a bunch of motors, and almost every other time when I go outside, that gets motors, birds, visitors, all sorts of stuff. so, I stay indoors most of the time, because I don't want to deal with the noise, and usually I have a few minutes before the sounds start while laying on the ground. I suppose it's possible for me to pull out the random and say "OK, blue for outside" and then decide that way -- "OK, blue for lay on the ground" -- and try again, "OK, blue for taking a shower" (usually not too many shower-motors) -- etc.
my desire to be obedient is to take the path of least resistance. today I sacrificed my own pleasure walking on the side of the road, because it was seemingly a resistant topic for them, and so when it comes to this subject of trying to talk to you, it's the same thing. for me, it's a significant amount of resistance for me to try and assert myself into your life -- and additionally, with all of my paranoias, nothing feels good to me, and so therefore I simply cannot do it. I have to simply wait until I'm feeling good about the whole thing for it to be able to go through. I realise that the 2nd-ray perspective just sees the pleaure and mutual benefit for all (or "highest and greatest good"), but I cannot do that. I have to simply wait for all of my paranoias to get into a good-feeling place before I can make any action.

I did go down to health solutions today and setup an appointment, because one of the major things that I need to have figured out -- and I don't know if dr-sandra will be able to answer all of my questions, is to figure out what all of the effects of castration are on the visual system, because *I want to have flat perspective, and no u-dimension* (I want to become a perfect reflector). so, until I can get someone that can answer those questions,-- again, I don't feel comfortable making any action.
	the process where I selected which doctor I wanted was a bit weird as well. the receptionist listed off the names and asked me which doctor I wanted. I immediately thought about sandra, but she suggested that I look at their pictures on the wall to decide. while I was looking at the pictures, I noticed that I really liked estrella's name -- but I went ahead with my first thought, sandra. later on as I was walking out, in the parking lot, I thought, "I should go back and change to estrella" -- but then a bad-feeling came, and so I decided to ask the random generator. it said say with sandra, so I walked back home. I may walk back tomorrow and ask for estrella, but I've alrady made my decision, so I've got to be accountable to it (cause I don't feel bad about sandra), until I have a really strong indicator that I want to do something else.
we'll see how the interview goes, because I have a lot of questions (I should probably write them down too so they can prepare for them). OK, bye for now! btw, if I do have a daughter (I'll call her k-prime unitl I know her name), and she wants to come to pueblo, send her out! we'll have a lot of fun (causing lots of problems), I'm sure.

### 2024-04-04 14:19 - latest events

I'm gonna try and recount all of the events that happened last night and this morning, cause they're all pretty significant. so last night, I kept getting the idea of k-prime stuck in my head. I almost messaged you asking you about her, but every time that I tried to do it (or went about trying to figure out what I'd say to you), it felt bad and so I decided against it. I figured that if I were to message you, I'd do it after I wake up (about now). the problem is when I first woke up (not sure how long ago), I still didn't feel it very much -- but then I decided, OK, lemme just try to like the idea -- because in all of the visuals and stuff that came to me, she wasn't just like my daughter coming to visit me -- but that she would be sexually interested in me, too. this reminded me a lot of "anne neville" in the richard-3 play, because in that play there is (I belive) a person written into history (edward something) who richard-3 supposedly killed in battle. there's this weird line in the play where richard-3, as he's going after anne, says that he "killed her husband and her father" -- and that could be taken to mean that richard-3 killed two people, but I think her "husband" (edward guy killed in tewksbury) never existed. instead, I think her father was also her husband. her father has quite a powerful feeling to him, and his first wife, he married her when she was only 10. anyway, my impression is that her father was also her lover -- sorta like how the visuals were playing out In my head last night (and other times). I sorta accepted that as, "OK, fine I guess I'll go with it, if she comes on to me -- but I don't want to make any moves on her at all".
the other thing is that I've done a lot of mental research on castration since I wrote last time, and I'm pretty certain at this point that I want to get it done (though my sense is that I'll be able to conjure images in my eyes like tesla did, and I think tesla was also castrated as well). I really don't like the feeling of sex and orgasm at all, because it feels like a lot of pain and stuff. I surmised that the feeling of pain comes from the nuts (the little brain), and is activated symbolically. I notice that under some strange circumstances, I tend to pop a boner and feel a strong sensation of arousal, and it seems to be when somethting symbolic of sex is happening (like even reading something about sex) -- and because that arousal doesn't actually feel 100% good (like it has pain and stuff in the feeling), I figure that has to also be coming from the nuts (another reason for castratiion). now, this morning, while kinda still in the twilight zone where the senses are still quite susceptible to the imagination, I decided that I would pretend as if I were castrated to see how it felt -- and the cool thing is, I could have the most attractive girls around m5 (k-prime or others), and I didn't feel any sexual attraction to them at all. after that experiencE, I'm pretty sur that it is the symbolic aspect of the nuts that pops the boner, simply because I don't really have any more "lust" anymore (the idea of someone else making me feel better, doesn't make me feel good).
now, another interesting thing that happened last night was that I was considering what it would be like if k-prime were to come here, and I was thinking about both jaron and greg. I know for sure that both of them would be attracted to them, and so (before having the experience of knowing what it'd be like without nuts), I felt a strong sensation that I would be like, "you guys can have her if that's what she wants" (it's her decision, right). cause before that I was really not wanting to message you because it felt to me like some kind of assertion -- like I'm trying to get k-prime to come over and pull me out of my mess and make me feel good, when that's not really what I want. I like this environment where I don't have any good conditions to rely on to make me feel good. my reasons for feeling good are only 100% my own, and I feel it unwise to try and get out of my situation -- so I did some mental notes and realised that because (it feels to me like) shakespere warned of this sitation (ie, k-prime is juliet), then I definitely should not be doing anything with her while she's 14 (the age she's at now), and should be waiting until she's 18. I don't really want to ask her to come over, because I want her to make her own decisions. if I were her, I would want my parents to allow me to make my own choices in life (like they did -- which is why I did homeschooling and went to university). I don't want to be directing her life in any way, so 3.5y from now or so, that's about the time that she's 18 -- which allows me that time to fulfill another narrative about the two witnesses.
	I released all of my documents on github (I actually have a few more, but I'm so tired of programming and figuing git out, that it's going to wait. I also have my MRI pictures and a few other things -- so soonish). the thing that happened with that was a massive cooling effect. even the sun went from nearly constant C-M flare range for the last few months down to B, nearly overnight after I put all of the docs up. the whole thing actually has a lot to do with secrets (some symbolic thing I know or have written which I keep to myself and don't share) collecting energy and discharging them when the charge is sufficient. I've been able to maintain no manifestation (pure-desire) because I've been constantly telling all of my secrets. if I were to keep some of those secret, they would start to manifest (I call this "blowing the load in the meeting, not on the code"), because the symbolic translation/output of a concept makes an instantiation of that concept in the mind of those who hear it, and it's as if it were already manifested (matt 5:28). it doesn't abort it for me because I don't have an imagination, but it does cause/force an "evolution-of-desire" -- where the concept (now having manifested into the imaginations of others), their reaction/responce to that instantiation causes the concept to evolve again.
		this is the number 1 difficulty that software projects suffer is rendering the code in the meeting (with people who are not on the same page), and so even though it gets decided what it will be in the meeting, the concept itself has now evolved because of the reactions of the non-implementers in the meeting. so when the team goes to code it, the concept feels different (improved) since the one decided on in the meeting -- and if they're clever, they'll code the new (improved) concept, not the one that was aborted in the meeting.
	the effect of aborting all of these ideas was that now the concepts have strongly evolved into something new (cause of all of the reactions), and so the sun isn't outputting nearly as much, because less people are rejecting the manifestation anymore (the sun is 2nd-ray, so the solution to get people to hear her is to turn up the volume and shout louder -- which is what most mothers also do). however, now that so many of those concepts have evolved, nobody (including me) is even close to getting a manifestation anymore, so she doesn't need to push so hard to move us toward the ideal manifestation that she can see (but we cannot).
the other thing is that I actaully want to be pure-desire -- and the problem with pure-desire for all of you guys watching me, is that pure-desire never gets the manifestation, because once any manifestation happens, then it's at leastt 2nd-ray in perception, and no longer 1st-ray. the only manifestations that I can really have are the ones that are forced on me -- because then it's your assertion, and not my own -- and combind with all of shakespere's narrative hints, I have to simply stick with the script. if she wants to hang aruond with me, then that'll be her decision. I can't find a way to feel good about trying to get her to come out.
furthermore, I have to also stick with the plan of going with the "worst" manifestation (or lack thereof) for quite a long time (forever). if I go for the best (ie k-prime), then I've completely lost my pure-desire position, and now I'm 2nd-ray. I don't want to be 2nd-ray, which is one of the reasons why the new black-mirror-idea is so tantalising to me,-- simply because that allows the galaxy to be 2nd-ray, and I (personally) get to remain as just an ordinary physical guy having an ordinary physical experience (way way out there, in very good conditons, which means it's no longer the "worst" -- so somehow I've got to let it become the worst of all the other options). k-prime would *not* be the worst (more like the best), and so again I have to stick to the script and let her go off to my brothers (I'm thurio not valentine).
	the interesting thing about that triad is that she's basially going to be anatau in the triad -- but she's clearly not anatau -- for if she were, she would have messaged me long ago (anatau doesn't care what other people tell her; she follows her desire unconstrained by others commands). instead, I feel her much more in the 2nd-ray category (probably because you brought her up, not me) -- which is why I equate her with juliet -- though (I'd have to confirm this by asking her), the other thing is that she's kinda like kyle in that I don't feel her as having 2nd-ray visuals (kyle probably sees flat physical, and isn't at all like greg, who has the u-dimension). she feels like an inside-out 2nd-ray (so much more physical), and not at all like the traditional outside-in solar girls. so she's weird. she'd by a kind of like grounded/physical anatau in the triad (kinda more like me). greg is the 2nd-ray (prometheus) and jaron is the 3rd-ray (enki) -- so I'd actually be pretty interested to see how that works out.
the other thing, is that I've simply got to stay put and keep doing what I'm doing. I'm going to talk to my dad about it, because if I'm right about the castration thing, then I'll no longer have the nuts (the little brain) to symbolically regulate my big brain, and so I'll have full conjuration capablities like tesla did -- and I don't want that, so maybe I'll need to do laser eye surgery first, so I stay flat. I dunno what'll happen. I changed my doctor to dr-estrella, and hopefully with some of dad's advise on it, I'll be able to figure out how to stay pure-desire (no manifestation).
 
#### 2024-04-04 18:03 - perhaps the bigger-picture

I forgot to mention one of the key events of this morning: the first time I woke up, I was in the twilight zone thinking about messaging you and stuff like that. I was going back and fourth about the whole idea, because a part of me really isn't interested in getting someone around me that will cause me to feel good. I like being in the environment where I'm without conditions, and also I strongly feel like I don't want to do any manifestations at all. however, the logical part of me says "OK, what I do want is a smoothe transition, and not a bumpy one then maybe this can be a way to make it smoothe". I decided I would at least talk to you and see what's up, but I didn't really feel really like it at all. just the other day I had an appointment with the doctor (my old one), and I felt a lot of resistance to it, so I told her I didn't want to go. she tells me that I should just "change the vibration" --
	which btw, is a very 2nd-ray thing to do: just blast out a different higher vibration and *change the situation*. sure, I can do that -- but I actually personally like to just avoid the problems rather than just blast through them. blasting through them is a lot of the problems I have with 2nd-ray mentality, as opposed to only-attraction. as a very low-resistance attractor now, my job is to attract the things I want (ie, hang out at home and pull weeds), and not attract (avoid) the things I don't want (argue with a doctor that has no ability to answer the questions that I have).
but for whatever reason (probably because I went to the doctor thing and it turned out just fine without problems), I decided, I would just "change the vibration" around it and find a way to feel good about talking to bea today -- and so I laid down to start to reshape my mind to feel good about it -- and when that happens, I go into a sort of trance where lots of ideas present themselves to me, and I feel their pull/sway on me as they pass before my eyes, and change how I feel about them (having now "seen" them). I really only do that easily in a relaxed state, and so while still in kinda the twilight zone, I decided to do that. oh, I forgot a part: as I was considering and evaluating the options (or somewhere around that time), jaron came downstairs. he usually makes a lot of noise, driving around and stuff, but this time he was pretty silent. anyway, as I got into the trance where I "change the vibration" and the mind speeds up and the images start to pass in front of my eyes (though I don't *see* anything), jaron coughs really really loudly. like, so loudly, it felt like a pressure wave hitting me quite strongly. I recognise that pressure wave as the same one that I experience when I'm around astral emitters, and they make a sound, and at the same time it feels like I'm getting hit by a -- pressure wave, sorta like the blowback from an explosion or something.
anyway, that pressure wave shocked me out of the trance I was in, and I quickly realised that if someone is strongly against me "changing the vibration" -- then I simply won't do it, and returned back to my normal pure-desire, no-manifestation self again. after some time of thinking about how I don't actually want this thing with k-prime to happen, I fell back asleep. when I awoke, I still didn't feel like I wanted to do it, so I went upstairs and ate breakfast/lunch.
	it got me thinking about this from the big-picture though, because one of the things that I've had a difficult time believing is that k-prime even exists. today when I was thinking about it, and when I would conjure her, she feels good (like a 2nd-ray), but not at all like me. she's also not really very reflective either. I mentioned how even when I tune into an XX female across time (meaning she's quite older or even dead) or space, just by looking at her picture or reading her name, I feel a strong reflection from her from her self *in that period of time*, and those girls are always able to reflect my own attractivness back to me, and so I feel them as almost irresistably attractive. however, when I tune into k-prime, she's probably not XX (I don't feel my own attractivness reflected back to me), and neither do I feel her as similar, or even good-feeling to me. physically, I can imagine she's very attractive, but conceptually, I don't feel much afinity to her at all. I don't think she's mine, honestly.
		what I do think has happened though is that the saturnian guys went back and impregnated bea after our interaction, because she's essentially the only girl that I could have plausibly had kids with because I stopped talking to her very shortly after the interaction and never saw her again. in that way, it's a blind-spot in my past where I don't *know* what happened, and so therefore all possiblities are capable of happening -- and they probably chose that one. I know that sounds a bit paranoid, but the antarctic guys (top tier saturnian-system) have a lot of capability that modern science (probably deliberately) says is impossible. from my own experiences, I know they can turn off my senses, remove consciousness from my body, travel through solid objects, animate my body as if they were inside of it (while my consciousness is gone), etc. they have full power to do that. the DNA that they would have put inside of bea, would also not be 100% my own -- it could be based off of my DNA, but she doesn't carry the same concepts as I do.
	I consider that the plan for k-prime was to use her as a sort of bait to get me locked into a manifestation, and so if that's true, there's no possibility that they'd actually want her concepts to be similar to mine (cause they'd amplify during sex), and there's also no way that they'd want her carrying any concepts that would enable me further. almost certainly, she'd be the "lights out" (antithesis) of all of the concepts that I have here, and the ones they regularly block me from receiving -- so she'd be a sort of living nosebook that I'd be sexually attracted to, and kind of like control me (cause I'm very pliable. I want to do whatever makes her happy -- and if she's happy then I'm happy).
so then I was thinking about jaron's ultra loud coughing this morning that snapped me out of such a dramatic change in the timeline, and I think it's related to the depression that he had a few days ago. I tried to get jaron to talk about what his depression was, and he didn't want to talk about it, and when he said that, I had a strong sense it had something to do with me. I looked into it, and from what I can gather, there was a sort of thing that went out, telling people to expect something -- and it probably had something to do with k-prime. he was probably depressed that I was going to get a girlfriend and he was not (from his perspective: I'm unable to get better. kenny always gets the good stuff, etc)
	later today when I went upstairs to go eat breakfast/lunch (at 3pm), he brought up a girl that reminded him of jerrica, and also mentioned jerrica [not sure if I'm spelling that right. it looks wrong] a few other times too when I was talking to him about a mexican girl that wanted to get married to me in utah, but I'm like, "no I gatta pass because there are other things I want to do, than get stuck in utah with a girl that works in a factory" -- so I moved back to LA. in the dynamic of that conversation, it felt to me sorta like he was saying to me that I had destroyed his *only* chance at having a girlfriend (jerrica) because I destroyed her phone that one day, and so she had to leave.
so let's put the pieces together and see the big-picture now: last night when thinking about k-prime, I could feel strong attraction to her from both greg and jaron, and so I decided that she's not for me. if they're the ones that want her, then I really don't mind, and can easily part from that idea. there are millions of girls out there that I feel strong attraction to, and they're not at all super status girls like k-prime would be ("the daughter of kenny") -- and also when I was thinking about the dynamic for the black-mirror-idea (the only idea that's felt good to me in a while), the idea of having one girl that has a much higher status simply because of her family relation to me feels a lot like nepotism, *cuz* -- and so I don't want it. in my galaxy, everyone has an equal opportunity, and there's no status hierarchy or any ridiculous ideas like that. ---
so, jaron is strongly attracted to her, I she doesn't really feel that good to me, I want to go on to do the black-mirror-idea, and so I'll have to pass on that marraige idea (I'm thurio), and jaron feels that I "owe him one" for taking his *only* shot at having a girlfriend away from him.
	now, let's continue the idea and look at my other beliefs, which is that jaron is the result of the tuenti sacrifice: tuenti would have been a success if we didn't have the carr accident take me out, and the result of that is jaron. jaron, similar to how neptune (the planet) is the final reflector (cause he's from the old times where things are opposite: physically receptive (ex. ninurta, ninshizzida) are the emitters), so he represents out outer reflector; which is basically the outer reflector for the  saturnian-system of the solar system (jupiter <-> neptune p-orbitals) -- and so when an emitter gets going too fast, they hit neptune in conscious space and have to become physically receptive (the *mark* of the saturnian-system). therefore, I consider jaron to basically be a physical reflection of all of those in the saturnian-system -- a sort of artifically constructed consciousness -- kindof like me (or who I am now -- the me that entered kenny's body on 4-4, 24 years ago). I'm fairly certain that my RH is an artificially constructed consciousness representing/reflecting all of human desire, and I (original kenny) only figured out how to meld and become one with it (sorta like how the new jaron has acclamated with his old body).
so I see it as k-prime is an artificial being that was created to derail me (just like the carr accident was), but instead I'm going to pass her off to the first artificial being that came out of the carr accident which is a reflection of the saturnian-system used to derail me and tuenti (jaron). lol -- and people claim I'm paranoid on drugs :)

#### 2024-04-05 02:34 - an even bigger big-picture

so, let's just imagine for a moment that I'm able to do what I'm planning to do, which is to go for no-manifestation -- and I somehow achieve it. well, it's impossible to get nothing (energy cannot be destroyed), so it has to go somewhere. in a system of equality (like the saturnian-system), the opposite is always reached -- and to describe what I mean, let us consider the concept of infinity, one, and zero: there are as many numbers from one to infintiy as there are numbers from one to zero -- and so as we approach zero (ie, no-manifestation), we can now see that the opposite of that is infinity. I understand it's never going to be absolute-zero, because that's impossible, but it'll be a really low number, which in a system of equality is also a really large number ("blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth" is a rough translation of that concept). so, you can think of each time that you're found with less-than or in a situation of unwanted, that allows for a pretty good rebound. most people don't cash that in in their lifetime, usually waiting for the next to cash it in -- but it's possible to do that now. that's essentially what I plan to do -- and if I don't make it this lifetime, then it's not really a big deal, because next time, I'll have even more energy going for me (though far less knowledge about how the universe works than I do now).
	I've actually pondered this concept a lot, because if I were to die today, when I get reborn, I'll probably have to go into an existing body (like kenny) because there's just no way that all of the consciousness I've accumulated can go into a body of a little boy or girl. they just don't know enough (and aren't taught enough) to be able to handle this kind of energy. that kind of energy would be massively aggitating for a young person, because of the way parents don't allow their kids to explore and do things. fortunately I had my parents which allowed me to do almost whatever I wanted to do, and I was given a lot of freedom because I didn't cause much trouble. when I got into a scool that I started to be told that I can't do a whole lot, and started to reflect other kids tbat were enormously prevented, mom put me in university. that pattern of me constantly being able to do what I wanted was the main part of my life, and the way that I thrived. sure I went to church and was christian and stuff, but I knew "God" on a personal level (ie, as a function of attraction getting what I wanted -- so it didn't matter to me so much the names, but I could see that it worked, so I learned how to use it and make it my own). when, after tuenti I crashed and burned, I really didn't know what to make of the situation. I was so used to being successful and getting what I wanted all the time, the canary islands for me were where I was going to have to rethink everything. I tried many different things, and my inability to use my desire create/build what I wanted reached such an agonising level in 2012-17, that if I hadn't have discovered abraham, I would have destroyed myself. their teachings helped me to see the big picture in a way that just isn't taught in any family setting (that I know of). with the amount of energy that I have going now, if I were to be reborn into a modern family, I wouldn't be able to survive much past 16-17yo. in fact, in the early parts of spain (2007-2012), I didn't expect to live past 30, because I could see the trajectory of how I was destroying myself, and I just didn't think I'd make it. now, that energy is WAYYY HIGHER, which is why I now consider that the only way for me to continue to take on bodily form is to become a species -- a whole bunch of kennys, where I am all of them at once. they'll all be essentially robots, and though I'll be minimally conscious of some of them (when doing mundane stuff), I'll have super consciousness in others. for the activities I'm interested in, I'll be there, and all of me will be continually improving.
so, when I look out into the future, there just isn't any other possibility for me to return back into a society like the one that we live in now. I'm totally fine with nosebook and all of those guys doing what they want, but the reality of it is, my own desire to come back into a body in the future (I like being physical), requires that there be a place to do that.
so, consider then that if no-manifestation is my goal, then the result will have to end up becoming *all* of what's wanted. the only way I've figured out how that could possibly be possible, is for some kind of division amongst us. they go their way, and I go my way -- and whomever wants to come with me, can.
now, there are a whole lot of things to be worked out when it comes to this separation. I really don't have any difficulty brain-dumping as much knowledge of the universe that I have to anyone (just ask and I'll respond as best as I can) -- which means that I'm limited only by others' desire, and nothing else. I don't know how long they'll want me to hang around, or even if at all. I don't really care either way. I'm pretty convinced at this point that my destiny is actually the black-mirror-idea -- and then have that connected to earth somehow (I find it fine that they use my RH). so, if I'm doing the black-mirror-idea, are they going to still want to do the flat-earth-idea and use my 2nd-ray perception there (potentially more rays are definitely possible, too). they are the ones that have to decide what they want, and go for that. now, as for who and what and all of that will go with me, I'm totally fine with anything -- it's only-attraction, so only attractive people are going to be doing well.
	I've played out a number of different ideas in my mind, cause there are various hints to it (like for example in hamlet, when people grow honest, the end of the age is near -- and only one will marry)... so those situations, it seems that the boys will go off and do boy things (conquer the galaxy, and universe, I suppose), and we'll go do something else (diversity).
in hamlet the words "only one will marry" kinda felt weird to me, because the image that comes with it is something like how a seed grows. in a seed, there are all of these really nutritious things (or like the yoke of an egg), and in the middle of all of those good conditions, is a sort of sperm or bad actor that causes problems -- which all of the -- good stuff works to improve on -- and the result of all of those improvements and fixing of the destructive forces of the bad actor, produces a plant, animal, or human. it's hard to explain how seeds work like this, but the essence of it, is that there are good forces and bad forces -- and the bad forces cause problems, reducing conditions or something like that (turning a one into something less-than-one) and then good forces come and improve on that, and they get the opposite rebound, which is what causes a plant or animal to grow. one can never be reduced entirely to zero, so the rebound is always very large. more pressure is more growth, and so the organism stives to become better at withstanding more and more adverse conditions (take the examcple of weeds: the more adgerse conditions they're put in (poison, weather, etc), the more they seem to gain capacity to grow even in those conditions). therefore, what hamlet is describing when he says "only one will marry" is sorta like a fertilized egg, where the one that will marry is the troublemaker which will catalyze the growth of the new being/plant. inotherwords, it's like a new beginning. it's never possible to separate male and female entirely, because one needs the other to grow.
	turns out the exact quote is: "I say, we will have no more marriages: those that are married already, all but one, shall live; the rest shall keep as they are. To a nunnery, go."
well, if there's only one that will marry on one side of the separation, then on the other side of the separation, again the same sort of egg is to be formed: there will be all male, cept for one female -- and again, her efforts to disrupt their rigid creation with nurture, care, and other soft things, will only propel them to keep building. without her, they'd get bored and probably start fighting. I'm actually not so sure how all of that will go, because I don't see a masculine perspective at all -- so consider my prediction as incorrect. now that I think about it, she'll probably want expansion, and want more people to have more cool stuff, but they'll want to contract and have more power structures. her efforts to be generous (new, growth, expansion) will be seen as an inherent instability, and will be the fuel for their efforts to continue to keep building more things to counteract her instability.
I don't know if this will become the function of k-prime, cause I think it may be. also, I have this strong sense that she too will become a sort of species all to herself as well, meaning there will be many of her and she's the prototype (like I will be for the kens). also, she reminds me a lot of an old project of mine I wanted to create, called the "ahn-roids" -- where these girls are conceptually programmable beings. they're completely "artificial" in the sense that they gain the conceptual structure that they've been programmed to have, which is perfect for an all-boys society, because she can be programmed to have the exact function that's desired. also, the ahn-roids perfectly fit the description of the troublemaker for them, because undoubtedly they'll want her to be things like caring and giving, and cleaning, and things like that -- but at their extremes, they're unwanted qualities (like a cleaning lady that moves my stuff around, or someone that cares that I'm hurting someone else, or causing someone else inconvenience, or maybe feels pity for the opposing faction -- cause boys make factions and borders). no matter how well they program her, she'll continue to find a way to be a nuisance to them, causing them to get better at programming what they want -- and so the cycle continues indefintiely.
not sure if that's what'll happen -- just as I was extrapolating out my prior paranoias over the day, I realised that she (programmed to derail all of my good ideas and turn her pareja into someone that is easy to control), she's probably the perfect girl for their side to produce the same effect. anyway, hope that's a big enough of a picture on what I mean when I say separation.

I want to do only-attracton/reception/reaction, which has a number of hurdles to it -- and there are a lot out there that are opposed to the idea. 

#### 2024-04-14 18:39 - still thinking about the big picture

I've been delaying writing this idea, but it seems that I probably should -- and for some reason why I write to you, the big-picture is much easier to convey than it is with other people. lately, the way that things have happened, I've noticed that I've been far more critical of females than I have in the past (angie, teal swann, dr-estrella, mom, etc). previous to that, I haven't really had any specific critisism towards anyone in particular, and it's been more of a general frustration that I have with women -- more spcifically, the way that girls are taught to be, and how they're expected to act. almost all of it is extremely disempowering, and teaches them to rely on others (preferrably men, and if that falls through, go lesbian and rely instead on another female). I find all of that to be extremely disempowering to the woman in general, because I think it's important that *she* knows what she wants for herself, and knows of a way to get it (though this often times fails and produces dissatisfaction), or to make/allow it come to her (which most don't practise, because misattraction looks like failures, when they're just flaws in my perception -- so if a girl doesn't want to fail, she tends to have more trouble attracting what she wants).
anyway, the trend seems to be happening in the world where people are dividing into two groups: those that go after what they want (or are passive and allow others to tell them what they want), and those that follow their instict/intuition, and allow the tiny desired actions/things to attract what is wanted.
	the first one is easy, and that's what society teaches everyone to do: you either know what you want (usually through some sort of decision-making/symbolic process: ie, where are the boundaries) and are then able to make it happen, and keep it that way for as long as possible (decision-making and accountability). or, you're passive, and vote/select/hope for the one that most aligns with your boundary decisions. that whole process is pretty straight-forward, and most are capable of accomplishing it and have some way of knowing what are the boundaries that they want (I want him to be with me, sleep on his side of the bed, and perform these house chores -- or, I want this nation to be behave this way with our nation, perform these functions, and do these things -- or, I want my parner's family/friends to be this way, keep their distance on these things, and be friendly and supportive about these things).
	the second one (following instict and intuition) is considerably more difficult, because it assumes that the person has some level of sensitivity to their self, and a capability to actually want to follow their own intuition -- even if, the result appears to be wrong, or a dead-end (like it didn't work out as expected). expectations are the biggest difficulty here, because the imagination often times extrapolates out the events in such a way, where the imagination is often far more ideal than what happens in real-life -- and because it inevitably never does come out even similar, attraction *nearly always* appears to be a failure, until it starts to become natural or normal for things to work out nicely (usually this requires some level of belief about one's "worthiness", or capability of it/theirself feeling good-enough to let it in). we are our own worst sabotages of that, so it's hard to get good at it, because the reasons why it didn't work out, is always my own failure (in perception). I usually have to find a way to like or let things that I don't like exist in the way that they are, without needing them to change -- and by not needing them to chang, I tune myself to something else, which does work -- until I mess it up with my own expectations/imagination again..
these two different paths seem to be diverging at a pretty rapid rate right now, and I believe it'll only continue to accelerate. it seems pretty obvious to me that there *will* be a split or a division of these two gwoups/paths, and it probably won't happen any time soon. some people (even myself) still have some residual ideas about wanting to make something happen or to be forceful in exerting my will, and those are going away (at least for me) pretty quickly. for others, their desire to exert their will is increasing, and they're "waking up" to the reality that nobody is going to do it for them; they have to do it. both paths are quite valid and acceptable, and there's nothing wrong with either. because kids are constantly being born too, the new kids will be essentially of the type that their parents are (by default), and so I actually expect this process to take at least 10-30y (perhaps more), as more and more kids are taught and educated in the system that they are to be in -- which means there will likely be a separation in educational institutions first, because only-attraction kids will learn a lot from the will-exerters, 	but like myself, they'll start to become more problematic than anything, and whoever the perceived troublemaker is, will have to be expelled. like I said, this process could take more than just a couple decades, and I have no control over it, but what I have noticed is that the saturnian-system is starting to work together more and more, which means that the saturnian-system is becoming the new 2nd-rays -- so in that sense, it could happen as soon as they get all of their deals worked out. I imagine it has more to do with us than it does with them: we have to *actually want* to be only-attraction. all along the way it great practise for us too to not need things to be different in order to attract what's wanted. so really nothing is going wrong if it takes a really long time, it just means more energy/wanted. by waiting a longer time, it lets the division be clear and desirable for both sides (ie, mutual-back-scratching), as the saturnian-system moves up to their new 2nd-ray/eris+ position.

### 2024-05-08 09:21 - maybe you're vulcan in perception...

the other thing that I was thinking about while at remi's house pulling weeds, is it occurred to me that possibly you're not 2nd-ray in perception like I'd figured -- but perhaps you're also a vulcan type like me. I had just assumed that you were 2nd-ray, because of the way that you felt to me. the physical girls (like the one that slept over at your house with us) have a very visceral feeling of attraction to me, then there are the venus types which also have a visceral feeling of attraction, but it's head attraction (the attraction is in my mind, and consists of mental reasons for why she's so attractive), then there are 2nd-rays -- and they're also quite in the head, but the feel of them is really light and breathy -- kinda like the "butterflies in my stomach" feeling (of both nervousness and cute puppies, which feels good) -- and that was more similar to how you felt to me. however, the thing is, because all of our interactions were involving heavy alcohol, and the next day after I stayed at your house, we left for la gomera (a trip they planned) -- and on the trip, I kept trying to think about you because I kept feeling you, but kike and dani would constantly interupt me when I'd start to feel you (I probably project the feeling) and they wouldn't let me think about you and feel you. they kept telling me to forget about you, and just try to get drunk and look around at the other girls in la gomera. I followed their advise, and stuff. I don't remember what happened the next time I saw you, and I also can't remember where things went wrong, but in a sense, you kind of absorbed a lot of my pain and frustration that had built up around tuenti. I really wanted to become your girlfriend and stuff, but every time I tried to talk to you, things went terribly wrong.
along with them not letting me think about you, and going immediately off to la gomera,  there were a few other events that really shaped my perception: one was the time that you seemingly wanted to hook up with the dark haired girl that was clearly an XX reflector. you figured that's what you wanted, but you didn't tell me specifically that's what you want (ie, what your desire is), because without that -- I just stay a reflection of her. it's the problem that I have with all other XX girls I've liked (laura rus comes to m+nd) -- because she relects m5 back to me, and at that time I was quite insecure and thought I needed alcohol to be able to talk to people, so that's what I did: drank. without a desire, or a direction and destination that I want to go, I cannot do anything. you see, the thing is, I also quite liked her too, and found her very attractive, but since I was with you, I just plainly figured that trying to go for her while you're around, would be really poor form. I really would have prefered it if *we* were going after her, because then it would have worked out just fine. I also couldn't be assertive with her either, because (at the time), I strongly felt that I should be dedicating all of my attention to you, because you're the one that I'm with. if you want me to dedicate my attention on to other girls, then you have to tell me it's OK, or that's what you want too. so that turned out to be a really big fail -- and so then when you got her back to your house with me, I kept hoping that you'd initiate with her, and then say "kenny join us" -- because I really didn't feel comfortable trying to go after the girl that you landed.
the next instance that strongly shaped me was wanting to go to the beach with you. I vaguely remember we went to the beach one time, and I enjoyed it, but again I totally didn't konw what to do. I kept having the sense that you didn't want me to try and go after you (for sex) or make it an excuse or precursor for sex either (as if we're supposed to just go out and have fun or to talk and stuff) -- but at that time I didn't know how to talk like I can now, and so that was a huge fail (I learned how to talk in spain, essentially). I know I did poorly trying to talk to you and just be a normal guy that you want to hang out with, and not a sex craved lover -- but I didn't know how to be that. I wanted to try again and start to figure out what sorts of things you like (and also learn more spanish), but you didn't respond positively to my txts. I didn't know what really to do.
the other thing that really shaped my perception was some time later, we saw each other in a disco again, and I was pretty drunk, so details my be a bit skewed, but I vaguely remember that as soon as you noticed me, you grabbed some guy and just started to kiss him. I recognised the feeling that you emitted as being similar to the feeling that maria (luke's wife -- when I lived with them) would use to try and affect luke's behaviour: she'd try to make him jealous, so that he'll want to stay with her -- and that's a serious red flag for me. I passed on maria (when she said she's gonna divorce luke and we should be together), because of that -- because I figured she was just using me to try and affect luke's behaviour again (oh, that may have been after the canaries -- whatever, same thing: I don't like the feeling of a woman trying to make a man jealous). anyway, after seeing that, I'm just like, "nope, it's over -- she's either with someone else, or trying to make me jealous, and I don't want that" -- so I moved on.
	the thing is, that situation stuck with me for a long time, because (though you never said it), I had to imagine that you were lesbian before you met me, which if you were trying to keep up the lesbian image, then why kiss a *guy*, and not a girl? that didn't make sense to me. then, if you're a lesbian, I've found that the #1 reason for that in spain is because the guys are so aggressive, and are trying to constantly get the girls to do stuff for them and make them feel better -- so, you'd be pretty turned off by aggressive guys, I would imagine -- and then you meet me, who's totally not aggressive or trying to get you to do anything (cept the beach) -- and then you want me to be aggressive just like the (likely) reason why you're lesbian in the first place. you're the one that wants to be the aggressor, and you could have just came over and kissed me instead, and I would have went along with it -- but you decided to be aggressive with some other guy and kiss him instead, seemingly to make me jealous. (brb, forgot my conclusion)
