# dear-sarah

### 2024-01-04 00:24 - a time of study (the premise)

hi sarah, I find myself in the next period of my life: one of study. the other day (yesterday, actually) I was watching a production of "all's well that ends well". it was an all-female cast and it was at night, which was pretty cool. anyway, I really liked it because they went slow with the delivery of the lines (easier for me to understand) -- but also I noticed an interesting effect, which was that I was receiving the concept of the words being spoken by some of the actors. it's pretty normal for me to capture the concept that a woman speaks -- much moreso than with men even. so I really liked the production and it made me think of you, because some of the way the actors delivered the lines reminded me of your directions of where to look at, and how to be in the scene. one of the things I noticed too is that it felt as if I was scrutenising them, but I assure you I was not, and there was a sense that they felt as if they were not quite as good as other productions; but that wasn't what I was looking at or anything like that. so then add that idea to the realisation that I'm basically going to be "stuck" with a whole lot of women (basically because the dudes are sick of me seeing through their charade), there was a sense that I'll have to get used to being around a bunch of noobs. that's totally fine with me, and I'm actually writing this with the main intention of saying that I don't really care how anyone is, because none of that matters. the only thing I look for really is improvements, essentially only in myself, so it doesn't really matter to me what anyone else is doing, where they are, or what skill level they're at. I'm constantly analysing (mostly myself and my own body/emotion) and noticing things around me which I can find an improvement on; and if I'm ever complaining about something, it's because I have a better way of doing it, but for whatever reason I'm stuck doing it the worse way (usually this happens with software and user interfaces). I don't really consider myself an actor, and I'm never really dressed up (not even for halloween), or played any part other than myself, because though I can see things from another's perspective pretty easily, I cannot behave like they do. if they treat me one way, I can treat them the same way back, but even if I'm copying someone else's behaviour (because I like it and want to copy it), I'm still making their own behaviour my own and integrating it into my personality. I'm to a point in my life now where I can really only be myself. so I don't really try to be anyone else.
so, just a little bit of background on my situation: I'm not really able to be assertive anymore (or even an actor). to understand what I mean, I'll use examples: I cannot be bertram anymore because I have no intention of fighting wars or making anyone else conform to my perspective. neither can I be helena, because she's reflecting bertram -- and I have no such assurtive person to reflect. I'm reflecting you right now, which is why I'm explaining so much, and I haven't even started what I want to say :) (sorry). so, the difficulty I have is that it's pretty much impossible for me to be assertive, unless I'm reflecting an assertive person. if someone were to get up in my face and try to make me do something, then I'd have the capability to get in their face and tell them what to do,-- not because I want to, but because I'm just showing them their own desire (for me) reflected back to them. all of that means that I'm basically like a balloon floating around wherever the wind pushes me; and if someone hits me, I can reflect an equal amount of force back to them and propel in the opposite direction they pushed me, but I don't have any propusion system of my own: in shakespere terms, I'm silvius/silvia, and I'll get passed off to whomever valentine pushes me towards (or pop, cause I don't want to go). I can explain the reflective of this in much greater detail later.
so, because I'm entering the next stage of my life where I'm going to begin my studies -- or, in love's labour's lost terminology: give up my books and dedicate myself to some amount of time of improvement. I know what I want to study already: genetics, electricity, frequency, and vibration; stuff like that. I'm pretty good at it already and I know already quite a bit. all of those things are based around attraction. so, for example, if I place two metronomes on a surface that is able to vibrate, the easier that surface can vibrate, the faster the metronomes will synchronise. that surface can be thought of like a medium such as air, water, print, news, social networks, or television (it's all the same). so, the less resistance a meduim has, the more rapidly the two metronomes will synchronise. so how does the synchronisation of two frequencies attract each other? well, in physical there's a lot of resistance between everything (at least air separates everything), however in space, there is virtually zero resistance, so if you were floating out there, and you wanted to go to a planet, just start vibrating similar to the planet, and you'll go towards the planet, until of course your vibration is dissimilar enough to the planet, and you'll start to orbit the planet (the distance of the orbit is the amount of difference between your vibration and the planet's). fortunately, we don't have that problem on earth, or else everyone would be runnning into each other just by listening to the same music or watching the same TV show. though we don't run into each other *physically*, we do run into each other *conceptually* all the time -- and so two people listening to the same radio station or listening to the same concert are joined *conceptually*.
	concept is very much more different than symbol, as concept is just a feeling (like feeling like you know something or someone -- or the feeling that the music gives reminds you of something). all *memory* is based around concept, and if I may quote holofernes:
	"This is a gift that I have, simple, simple; a foolish extravagant spirit, full of forms, figures, shapes, objects, ideas, apprehensions, motions, revolutions: these are begot in the ventricle of *memory*, nourished in the womb of pia mater, and delivered upon the mellowing of occasion. But the gift is good in those in whom it is acute, and I am thankful for it."
	she's talking about the translation of concept/feeling into visuals, in just the same way that memory works. we traslate a feeling of how the past was into pictures sounds, figures forms, shapess, etc. it's a capacity we all have, but for those in whom it's *acute*, it's a gift. the acuteness just means that there's a clean signal, and not a lot of noise (like how memory gets fuzzy with time); because we're tuning into the past, the song, the figure, the form, or the idea from our present moment and state of being, which means that emotion and mood determines reception.
	now, consider how much easier it is to remember something the past when listening to the same song as was playing then, or the same movie as then, etc. -- we can not consider that media to be the medium which allows your brain to synchronise with the past/object/form/idea/etc. by synchronising the concept in your brain (ie getting the hydrogen inside your skull vibrating similarly to the vibration of that moment in the past), you are literally tuning into something that is not even in the same time or space that you are -- and you can only receive the idea/memory/object for as clear as your head is. shakespere bypasses all of that though and just sticks to symbolic harmonisation. his works have multiple levels to them: there is the dictionary that is used commonly (and the definitions of those words), but there are also other symbolic layers in which one can synchronise (for example all of the toilet humour or the political references). what shakespere has done in his plays, is to take a bunch of people through a symbolic landcape of action and definition. these actions happen, and that defines proper/improper (or some other definiton of) behaviour. the actions tell a story and paint a picture, to which the audience has an emotional responce, based on their preception of those actions. those that react the same way to the same actons feel the same way, and those that see the toilet humour get a good laugh. the symbolic sequence of interactions (the play) is the medium whereby society (or at least those that consume those works) synchronise.
		personally, I'm kinda new to shakespere, and having zero exposure to him prior to a few years ago, I am surprised to find that the skakespere medium is still in very wide use in nearly all story-telling formats (movies, theatre, music, etc) -- and most of the rest is just a derivative of it. I had no idea how ubiquituous it was... dang...
so, here's tthe thing: I have certain things that I want to accomplish regarding genetics and stuff like that. I can enumerate them, but this is quite long already; so, just know that I want to actually put a lot of these ideas into practise.
the way I want to go from where I am now, to having all of this new genetics technology is simply not possible with today's physics and scientific theory. it just won't work. I also want to leave all of that behind, and I'd like to jump into this idea of going with an all-female cast. I'm pretty done with the guys and all of their recognition and doing things the right way, so what I want to do is to get a bunch of girls/women together, and the goal is to simply learn how the world works from a frequenntial perspective. the way I described two metronomes synchronising, is the way that electricity works too, btw -- so there's no need for all of the complicated stuff that's found in today's physics books. I figure the general concept of everything from space, stars, planets, electricity, and genetics can all be explained in less than 20 pages (with a suplementary tome of examples). I also plan on using normal everyday items that can be aquired for very cheap to do it, as well -- such as sound cards, and simple simple computer programs. I do not plan on needing any large-scale hardware or anything like that, cause it's not necessary. in combination with all of that, I can show that the way that vibration works, *is* the way that emotion works, and it's also the "secret" to happiness and well-being (as soon as you realise what you're attracting). I will be able to make all of this complicated-sounding stuff simple and easily approachable. it's really not that hard, cause the key to it all is emotion and recognition of how one feels. sure it's possible to divorve the science stuff from the emotion stuff (which is what modern academia has done), but I find that *all* of our understanding is a reflection of our perception; and, to understand perception is to understand emotion, because it determines the clarity and tint of the idea/figure/memory/motion that the brain is conjuring.
OK, that's the premise. (brb)

### 2024-01-04 11:25 - 

hi again. well I've slept on the idea now and I have a few more thoughts and stuff. I'll start with my concerns: the reason why I want to do the genetics stuff is because women have a tremendous effect on me, and I must say that whenever I'm around women for any length of time or get close to them in any way, I take on their form and style of thinking. I don't want to say that they're like a contageous disase, but it's kind of like the contraction of a virus: all of a sudden I start to think like they do, worry about the things that they're worried about, like the same foods,-- actually all manner of my personality changes, and I kinda lose m/ identity, and gain theirs. with different women it happens a bit differently, and the diffreences are usually reflective of their personality types. I've been like this all of my life, which is why I've traditionally been quite a loner. like holoferfernes, I too have a very acute memory is a "foolish, extravagant gift" and the the precision has come mostly from being alone. around all types of people (men and women alike), I tend to adopt (or reject) their sense of responsibility. that responsibility and structure is what stifels the skill -- because then no longer am I able to be "foolish and extravagant" (because if I'm foolish and extravagant, then I can receive foolish and extravagant ideas). I believe shakespere inundated himself with toilet humour, in order to separate himself mentally and physically from the ultra responsible people (like say william cecil), and that allowed him to be foolish and extravagant. he partitioned himself, such that the political stuff that he was involved with (obviously the tudor stuff) could be on one symbolic level, and another partition of himself was just having fun making penis jokes. I'm kinda the same way as he is, but I don't work symbolically like he does. I'm primarily a cOnceptual person, and not symbolic. I can partition diffrent emotions quite well, so for example if I'm taking care of someone, the way that I feel when I'm doing that is completely different from the way that I feel when I'm coding or being creative. some of the way I feel bleeds over between the two, so (like hamlet) I can be ruminating on extremely insightful things even inside of a big mess. however, I don't really have that super duper well under control just yet, and I can't *always* feel the way I want to feel in whatever situation -- though I'm pretty dang good at it, by now.
so here's the concern: I know that if we were to do the project that I want to do, and I'm around a bunch of women, then I'll "lose" the concept that I have about how attraction, light, energy, and magnetism works *from my perspective*, because now I'll see everything from their combined perspective. my previous way of conceptualising things will [you know, it occurs to me that I'll probably want to put this part at the end when I rewrite this] be completely scrambled and in disarray, because of how strongly other females cause me to feel differently. historically, I usually leave them and go back to being on my own because I like the clarity of my own concepts, and not the confusion introduced by responsibility, and "the right way", politics, and socially inforced behavioural expectations. by myself I can just have fun and do my own thing. due to past conflicts with others (most notably other women) I definitely *don't* try to make anyone else conform to the way I would want something done, or try to affect action or behaviour -- and this is the main difference of who I AM, in comparison to shakespere (or bertram): I don't emit anymore, but only reflect now.
obviously it's completely impractical for me to remain alone and in my thoughts forever running away from others that feel differently from how I do, so I've come to just accept that I'll get all of that scrambled in one way or another. in fact, the very situation that I'm in, is exemplry of exactly that: the concept that I had when I was writing last night is completely different from the concept that I have now, because whatever happens during the night when I'm asleep has a similar scrambling effect, and I wake up usually feeling way worse about the idea than I do when I go to sleep (for me, I tend to have my most enlightened thoughts and ideas near the end of the day, and the morning is when I have all of those fear and responsibility relating thoughts -- because that's what the people inside my head while I'm asleep feel like, so I tend to wake up feeling more like they do). I'm way better now at feeling the way I want to feel after waking up, and you can see that writing now (2h after waking up), I'm considerably more positive and focused on the wanted aspect (or at least you'll notice in the next part anyway), so I'm really making a lot of improvements when it comes to that. I'm obviously not perfect at it, and so I enjoy the practise that my present situation is giving me in deciding to feel the way I want to feel, and don't really want to leave just quite yet (which is why I'm writing this as a rough draft where I get my thoughs out, and not something that I'll actually send).
therefore, I've just come to accept that my concept of attraction (light, frequency, magnetism) *will* get scrambled when I start on this project. it'll be basically completely gone, as I'll be only capable of seeing things the way that the women I'm around see things -- but just like how I've come to be able to recover from sleeping at night, I know I'll get the concepts back -- AND they'll actually come back better than I had them originally (concepts are more vibrant the more angles they can be seen from). I call this "evolution-of-desire", (desire is attraction) and all concepts exist because of desire (desire is all the stuff that didn't work, attracting other things that didn't work, coming together to make or add on to another concept). so, for example even if all of that gets scrambled, I cannot go back to being dull to the world around me. I *like* having that kind of acuteness that holofernes has, and I *like* to be foolish and extravagant, which means that the concept *will* return back to me with more aspects than it had before it was destroyed.
	in space, imagine it this way: I am the sun, and another concept is like a giant meteor or comet the come in right towards me. whether it impacts the sun, or gets really close to it, it will cause a CME on the sun (an explosion), and all of the matter that is ejected from the sun, is the destruction of the sun's previous version of the concept, by manifesting it into physical form. if the explosion of the sun is big enough (like say a cataclysmic explosion or "nova"), then the entire outer layer of the sun (it's concept of reality) will be completely ejected out into the solar system. all of that matter goes out, some of it is attracted by planets, and some of its similarly vibrating matter will atrract together and create new meteors/comets, which will then begin to be attracted back to the sun to repeat the process again.
	the process that I'm performing right now (by writing this) is exactly like the sun's process of becoming more: every time that I take a cnncept (hydrogen in my head) and turn it into something physical (text, words, and ideas), then I'm essentially doing the same as the CME. normally the planets that are in fromt of me (like a person I'm standing in front of talking to), receive the brunt of the explosion, but in this case I'm writing text and not really sending it directly to anyone, which is kinda like a CME going off out into space, and the planets (other people) that resonate with some part of the materialisation of that concept (this text) will read it or get affected by it in some way (just like two peole listening to the same radio station feel a sort of "togetherness" even thought they may be miles apart). all of that plasma eventually forms to create new comets which will be attracted back at me (the sun) so that the process can continue (though I'm much more like the earth, I'm using the sun as an example here because it's easier to see with SDO images and stuff these explosions, but the earth does the same thing with much higher frequency CMEs -- and they too go out and eventually come back to earth in a new form).
so what I think will end up happening is that I'll just get absorbed into a new conecptual framework which is a reflection of the women around me, and we'll just take it from there. I'm not concerned with my concepts being scrambled or destroyed because they'll return back in a new form. so, what I propose is that we just jump in and take it from there. it won't be perfect, and can never be anyway (because we all start where we are, which is going to always be imperfect or lacking in some way) and it'll always evolve to a more desired state if we allow it.

### 2024-01-04 22:05 - the big picture

I don't know where this request is coming from, but I first heard/felt it upstairs, and then again now while watching an all-female cast production of "henry 4 (part 1)". it has a black woman as fallstatf (the centre of the play). as I'm watching it, I'm getting these ideas...
	oh, I should also mention that I'm drinking some mushroom kool aid I made as well and it's pretty enlightening stuff. when I used to star-watch a few years back I noticed that one of its side-effects is that it produces an energy in the ground (cause I'm laying on the ground when looking into the star), that it causes mushrooms to grow all over the place. mushrooms really thrive on astral energy, and are built of this stuff that's nearly DMT (has an extra phosphorus), and DMT is like an antenna. it works on the serotonin receptors, so I think it's pretty conceptual stuff (as opposed to ketamine for example seems to be more symbolic), and so having those conceptual receptors, it really boosts astral reception. normally the physical stuff .. think of it this way: we are emitting light out of our bodies (back people more than white people), cause white people mostly reflect the sun and other light around them. the emission spectrum of each person is variable and based on perception, so what that means is that concepts are all around people all of the time, and anyone who's been able to see auras will tell you that the aura strongly correlates with the mood of the person (combined with their personality and other symbolic intentions). all of those signals are there, but because they're not visible, the brain filters them out. instead, we only see the stuff we can see, because the brain doesn't know how to translate emotion into something visual, so we feel it instead. feeling emotion radiating out of another person is also quite comm6n for any sensitive person, also. so what happens when high amounts of DMT (or psilocybin) is ingested, the brain receives considerably more conceptual information, it has to do something with it; so you may see an aura if your eyes are inclined to see it, or perhaps you turn the feelings/concepts that someone else emits into 3d objects which are symbolically resonant (to the receiver), and makes sense of of them. (different than weed for example which is mostly *unfocusing* on a lot of mundane resistance/bad-feeling stuff). however, if the brain is getting too much conceptual info, or is unable to process it, the brain stops trying to make sense of it, and just turns into a sort of music visualization thing with hyperbolic geometry and stuff (for each person it's slightly different).
the idea that I had was to take all of the stuff that I'm about to write and turn it into a narrative. I've shyed away from writing any kind of narrative for a while because I didn't really understand how narrative works; and to be fair, I stilll don't; however, there's one thing that's always bothered me about narrative (and the saturnian system in general), is that everything has to always equal zero. there can't be this sort of thing that I do where it's always infinity. so how would I make a narrative that produces infinity (or some other function) instead of zero. it's an interesting challenge. so, just know that is one of the topics that I'm exploring in a general case.
so, let's say I take this big-picture and turn it into a narrative which would be a sort of play, but my play won't have a script in the normal sense, because it'll have a lot of differnt options. therefore, the play doesn't really have a predefined ending to it, but let's say instead a sort of fixed set of branches. branches aren't really hard, because if there are two branches, then there are 4 endings, four branches has 16 endings, etc. the othter reason for this is that the narrative won't be defined in a linear sense. so I'm not really predicting the future or prophesying anything (cause this play has a lot of prophetic tones mixed in with some jokes and stuff). the prophetic stuff isn't going to go the same way.
so here's what I think is happening (notice my uncertainty): I don't want to toot my own horn or anything, but when I do anything that involes a significant amount of energy, the sun and earth (and perhaps other planets as well -- like for example mars looks white to me now, not red), start outputting a lot of x-rays. from x-ray to infinity are essentially the frequencies that concept are around in. the sun outputs them all the time as a reflection of its structure (which is where we get units, upon which everytthing is built, like atoms and stuff). the inner part of the sun is a very very dense ultra dark (basically invisible) cube-looking thing (not exactly a cube, but has sharp edges like one). it's basically invisible to us, but its blusish comes from the fact that the sun is not perfectly black. in human terms, the bluish hue is essentially the difference between pure-desire and something that is symbolically extremely ideal. like, she's the biggest optimist of them all because she's seen the worst of the worst get better with enough time and encouragement -- and consequently, she's been quite the doormat for dudes to walk on. we know that every action requires a reaction in physical and symbolic, so all things that have been done to her, have had a reaction. because she's been around so long (stars are eternal; they do not die), she's seen all of those vibrations of all the things that didn't work out, coalese into physical matter (including humans and earth itself), and eventually come back to her, with more than what they left with. to explain: the instation that you think of as yourself is just a character (or soul) in the solar symbolic system. at first, you were just an outline, but then more features and capabilities were added to your personality, that you eventually start to take on a more and more leading role; and consider that all of that came out of a desire (I wish that guy would do something better with himself than just die -- or in the girls case, it's more like "keep sending them in; he'll eventually get the message") and so, more and more powerful and effective characters start to emerge. those characters interact with other characters in the galaxy and m5et on planets together. planets are also charactors, and they can each choose their own genders (or physical form that they wish to appear), but the reason why we don't have flying tigers and fire-breathing turtles, is because we've all agreed that the physical layer dictates what is capable of existing. for example: you cannot have something that is capable of lifting more than the tensile strength of the muscle and bone (and for anything else that breaks those rules, that's using another structure that is the physical boosted with conceptual (astral) -- which is why under heightened emotional conditions, the impossible can be performed). the reason why technology is so important is because we're restricted in the physical plane to the strengths of the material -- so if more strength is desired, a different material or condition is needed to overcome the constraints of physical (where it's not embued with emotional vibration).
our world wants to become more than what it is now, and because the restraints of physical are so many, all of matter wants to be embued with conceptual energy, so that it can become more than it is now. in practicality, the sun and earth will be outputting a lot more x-ray energy. it'll continue to rise to become more and more as our world becomes a reflection of our emotion. this means that the astral layer (the one seen in the mind's eye) will have to become similar in vibration to the sun's emotion. what's happening there is that all of the liquid layers (the solar ocean) of the sun that are around the core are covered in layer after layer of hydrogen, which is a very strong structure. imagine shakespere's mental universe that he's craeted in the minds of so many (all of that hydrogen floating around in everyone's head), but multiply that by some countless amount (let's say that the head has 1cm3 of hydrogen for a normal person, and divide that by the mass of the sun (minus the core and corona)) and that's the monstrosity of the world we live in. we live in the matrix or symbolic world of our star. everyone inside of each star does -- and what happens eventually is that every time something doesn't work out symbolically like it was desired to, the sun has a small explosion as it ejects that failed storyline/character. that goes out as energy, and eventually coalaces into matter. we're here on earth living our lives because we're all failed narrative in the eyes of the sun (not good enough). however the sun LOVES it that all of those failed creations eventually do sometthing that is quite nice and produces more hydrogen (thereby expanding the size of the sun -- and we all know, the bigger they are the more beautiful they are, when it comes to stars anyway).
	a good example of this is the binary star of sirius. one of them is a very very very white and beautiful star (sirius a) and the other is a very dark star that can be seen as pretty much like the core of the other one, but without any structure around it (much more pure desire). the more liquid layers they have around them, the more narrative structure they have, and so their girls tend to be more beautiful, and the other ones don't care so much for physical appearance. here on earth, the girls that don't care so much for physical appearance ususlly take on the masculine form because society usually likes women that look good, and so an unkempt woman performing desire has less effective (at producing desire) than the masculine form (take me for example -- I'm like the core of the earth which is even more dense than sirius b). because we're so high frequency, we can get away with anything, because nobody can really get to a frequency high enough to interact so nothing can really stop us. the earth is interesting because though it has an ultra dense core, the crust of the earth has its frequency slowed down to zero, and then it gets faster, the farther you go out, which means that the entire universe is doomed to become a reflection of earth: also universes; just like the first thing to become conscious, caused everything around it to also become conscious like them. this is the function of the "centre". it wants for everything to become like he(?) is. we're all like that (including atoms): we all want everything around us to become harmonious to us, because that's a good place to live in. the sun is no different, and that's precisely what's happening.
there are a number of astral entities that do not want to conform to the sun's emotional outlook (we'll call these the vampires). instead they wish to remain out of the sun's light, and stay only with the earth's. the earth's energy output is pretty close to pure-desire, but not entirely. I'd like to make it pure desire personally for my own sake, and it's also better for those those astral entities that don't want to "get on the same page" as the sun. a number of megalithic structures on earth turn earth's vibration into a structured astral energy which they like; the only difficulty is, they have to *transform* earth's super high frequncy energy into something that is intelligible to them, and create their own structure. rightt now that structure is located just above the earth. we too have a hydrogen ocean floating above our core, and it's the part we call the sky. megalithic structtures are used to create this ocean structure. its qualities are similar to that of the sun: there are characters, places, and things which we all consider "reality". just like the sun has her own narrative, and we're living on the earth because we're failed narrative; well, the same is true for the earth: eventually if a narrative that exists in the astral ocean (or the spectral above it) breaks down (like someone dies or something unwanted, unplanned, or "bad" happens), then that narrative entity ceases to exist (is rubbed out) and it's energy returned back to the solar system. when that happens, there's a huge energy output from the earth, and life as we know it dramatically changes. this is highly desirable for the sun, because usually the earth returns multitudes more hydrogen than the original failed solar narrative investment. for the sun, it's a good thing when we die and bad things happen, cause it always means more (even for example an infant dying in childbirth returns more than the investment). so when it comes to the sun, she's quite the tragedition (that's what war is good for, btw -- liquidating stale investments and turning them into more profitable ones).
eventually though, at some point, the x-ray output from the sun will start to become problematic for these astral enetites. their contrived world will no longer be able to function as it is. therefore, we're arriving to the time when solar output is high enough that some peole will want to be permanently out of the sun's rays until she explodes and sheds the outer ocean where all of the structure is formed. then a new solar age is born. until that happens, the solar compatibles will go to one side and the solar incompatibles to the opposite side where they're only getting x-ray output from the earth which is nearly pure-desire, meaning completely invisble to them and completely outsid of the range of their detectors. the more pure-desire the earth becomes, the higher frequency the earth's output (and less impact on their structured/calculated conceptual layer (ie how to feel under what situations and actions)). we live right now in the narrative structure that shakespere installed. there's good reason why he talks of the great phyramid in the sonnets, because they are what regulate the hydrogen ocean around earth. that ocean is a medium and it only captures a small spectrum of the earth's output (from UV up to where it becomes incomprehensible). the width of that spectrum is determined, which is why the speed of light is fixed (cause that's how fast light travels in shakespere's hydrogen ocean). we all live in that matrix, and the structure, syntax, and protocol of how we are *supposed* to interact is all encoded in this ocean, and it's constantly being updated by the shepherds in hollywood, or anyone else creating a narrative (came,saw,conquered). I believe that tesla and hitler have updated the narrtive ocean since then, and the manifestation of the last change (before covid) was 9/11. now we live in a world that's *completely* fabicated by the things we see and experience in our eyes and ears (any experience really, but the digital world has completely rearranged what we believe is reality -- cause we're all like children: we beieve what we see, and narrative can have *anything* in it -- not even the stuff that obey's physical rules). I personally like the physical plane. I like it that *technology* determines my capability, and *not* my imagination. I want to stay within the confines of the physical, and not join in on to that narrative ocean world that covers over everything else. so, in otherwords I like the physical + the sun's imaginary world, and not earth's imaginary world.
	in practicality, even the solar side will also be in inside of the hydrogon ocean, but because the sun's narrative reality is considerably higher frequency than the astral, then we're either invisible, or such magnificent balls of light, it would blow something to even be able to see us. we'd be pure light and very terrifying. (something like putting a million times more power through a light than it can handle: instant destruction). so being on the other side of the planet and opposite energy rotation, we're not really interacting -- and because our energies are opposite, there's really not a lot of interaction -- and if there were interaction, it'd be repulsion, not attraction. I have no interest in being in their world at all. some will like (and be compatible with) both worlds, and they'll become the "angels".
cause I (who is most in alignment with earth's energy) am still stuck inside of shakespere's matrix, and I'm not allowed to get out, I'm outputting a lot of energy in shakespere wavelengths (like making butt jokes and stuff). those (and the reactions that others have to them) create lots of output from earth that is within this astral frequency spectrum, which is causing amplitudes to rise. I'm sure that things are starting to get pretty vivid by now, which is good if you like the sun's perspective, and not shakespere's, but really bad for the shepherds trying to steer the cultural and global narratives. they may not know it, but they want me to become pure-desire as soon as possible, because that'll mean I'll stop interfering with their narrative reality, and replacing it with "law of reflection" (a physical law) and "law of attraction" (also a physical law as described with the metronome example). narrative usually doesn't follow those laws; however shakespere's narrative does have a lot of these laws encoded into them, and that's the reason why I believe he's been so successful and why so much of the hydrogen ocean is his: he came, saw, and conquered that astral world. they want my impact on their constructud reality to be as minimal as possible, and I also want that too. we will eventually have to separate. (brb)

#### 2024-01-05 09:49 - the solar imagination

the sun is like the inside of our skull: it has layers of hydrogen on the outer parts, the oil around the brain is like the corona of the sun, the centre of the head is also pretty dense hydrogen. unlike the sun, our brain has a physical structure to it (neurons and such like that), which allow for the transmission and reception of frequencies which the neurons and stuff are similar to in wavelength (the brain has all sorts of different length antennas in different places to allow for a pretty broad spectrum of transmission and reception). the sun doesn't have such physical antennas like our brain does, and instead all of its antennas are created entirely out of hydrogen (its structure is entirely mental, having no physical counterpart).
we can think of the sun as the imagination for the entire solar system and everything in it: the sun has many many many branching and alternate narratives for everyone and everything that's conscious in the solar system (including human created babies and AI). when I say "conscious", I mean something that has receptors to the cOnceptual space (hydrogen), and is actively participating in rearranging that hydrogen to become something that is more desired -- and when I say "desired" I mean, the way that a person wants to feel, which is just a vibrating hydrogen structure. all of those desired ways of feeling come together in the solar narrative and at the pinnacle, everyone and everything can have the hydrogen structure that they want -- but it requires some rearranging and moving things around, because often times the way that I want to feel can conflict with someone else's way they want to feel. as an example, I like to feel good, and I like to tell everyone about the things that I know -- and so I want to live in a world where all knowledge is freely available, and can just simply be tuned into (ask and it's given) -- but others don't want to have such a world, and they certainly don't want me to have that world either, so they're really busy working really hard against the sun to try and keep myself away from the way I want to feel, and also theirselves away from the way they want to feel (which is in control)
	because desire, and the narrative written by the sun is all about how a person wants to feel, it's all individual, and has nothing to do with other people; inotherwords, if I want to feel "in control" -- the sun has a narrative where I can feel perfectly 100% in control of my own life and everything in it -- and that narrative reality exists and is there for anyone who wants to access it. the only caveat is that control cannot have any effect on other people, because then I'm no longer in control; because if I try to control other people, I'm now getting the reflection of everyone I'm trying to control -- which is no longer dependent on me, and so therefore out of my control. if I only try to control myself, then I'm essentially just feeling the way I want to feel, because emotion is the control/navigation/tuning mechanism, and so therefore I have full control over my own navigation through the solar narrative.
so, even though it is possible *right now* for everyone to feel the way they want to feel, it's never likely to happen, because so many people think that others need to change or behave differently in order to get what they want. shakespere (and all earth narratives since then and before -- but it's easy to see with shakespere) is all about defining behaviour and establishing a "code of conduct" which will keep the ones who want to be in power, in power, and putting those that want to fit into other classes in the caste/hierarchy system, into where they want to be -- and tell them how to behave there.
	you know, as an example of this, I'm a reflective person, and so when someone puts a strong vibration into my personal space, because I'm so sensitive there's a very short period of time before that vibration reaches a magnitude high enough that I begin to reflect the vibration and start acting out in reflection of it. if I'm around people that feel good, I reflect their good feeling back to them, making them feel better; but, if someone is projecting anger and frustration, then I too reflect that back to them (like helena reflects bertram back to him). well, one day I destroyed someone's phone because they wanted to put a news bulletin on that was talking about destroying and killing -- so I acted out the thing the news was saying the gunman did: I destroyed the thing that was annoying me and causing me to feel bad. that caused problems as you can imagine, and mom gets on my case and tells me that I need to *not* obey the feelings that I feel, and instead follow some sort of behaviour code. I get what she's saying about that cause society would run poorly if everyone reflected the news like I do -- so I get it, but that's why *I don't watch the news*. I don't want to reflect that back to people. you can see here that I'm sensitive enough now that I watch a shakespere play, and I reflect the play back in my writings and interactions with others. I don't follow a code of conduct, but instead reflect myself (and the emotion I just consumed in media) back on to others. I'm a centre, much like fallstaff (or the our lady, the earth), and so I'm constantly trying to get everyone else to become a reflection of me and my own desires.
		I'm just as problematic as fallstaff is, because I'm so reflective, everyone else sees what they want to see in me, and because they see it, I reflect it. as an example, I had a girlfriend that thought that I was an abusive person. I definitely am not, but because of what she believed about me, when I was around her, I tended to act in ways that proved her belief right about me being abusive. I go away from her and I'm no longer abusive but like the way that anyone else thinks I am (zaryn also believed I was a good programmer, so around him I was). I am whatever you think I am, and likewise you are whatever I think you are: a reflection of me. I don't have a moral code or a set of behaviours that I strictly adhere to. if you think I'm magical, then I am, or if you think that all boys are pathetic slobs, then me being in the shape of a boy will start acting like a pathetic slob. there's not much I can do about it, cept keep my distance from those that expect me to be someone that I do not wish to be. when someone causes me (because of their belief) to become something that I don't really want to be (like abusive or a tyrant or something), then this is causing me to feel in a way which I don't want to feel, and solar activity rises tremendously because I am feeling the way that others are projecting on to me (or trying to affect with some physical means), and the sun (and myself) wants me to feel a different way -- so the sun outputs more, and I output more, trying to make that hydrogen structure which is reflective of how I want to feel (which is good).
now as an example of how these narratives define our social position in the caste/hierarchy, whenever interacting with a narrative, the process is done unconsciously. let's say you were to watch a movie, and in the movie you will undoubtedly identify with some of the characters. let's say you identify with "iron man" (I don't know much about him, but symbolically he's like mars). iron man will be/have the pinnacle of technological capacity which he will use it to try to control the world (like hitler in the era past). so let's say you identify with him and want to be like him (while watching the movie); however, when you walk away from the movie, you're confronted with real-life, and you notice that your life is nothing like iron man's, and instead you're perhaps something more like one of the idle peons or something like that -- and so you realise, "no, I'm not iron man, but actually more like the other guy" -- and in doing that, you take upon yourself the identity of the other guy and start behaving like he does -- completely unconsciously fitting yourself into that movie's narrative the best way that you can. well, you're nothing like the other guy, and the other guy (I assure you) neither is in alignment with your solar narrative, and so by identifying with the other guy, you're limiting yourself to feeling like he/she does. the sun is like, "no, you can feel way better than that" so the sun outputs more and more to allow you to believe that you can feel the way you want to feel, but because you identify with inferior characters, you will never make it and solar activity will continue to rise as all of the different solar characters begin to identify theirselves, not with their solar archytype, but with their astral diminished character found in the earth narrative. the earth narrative is extremely constricting, because there are these ideas that only *one* person can identify with their solar narrative, and that guy has to lower himself down to an inferior position (astral), and *save* others from being unable to identify with their solar narrative by *dying*. it's all the most messed up stuff. I hold a great deal of contempt for earthly narratives deptictions of becoming in aligment with the sun.
	not only am I in alignment with my solar narrative, I'm also in alignment with the galactic and universal narrative, as well -- which would make me essentially *all powerful* (in their eyes) mostly because I'm unstoppable. everyone can get there, and I desire it for all to also gain access to their solar and universal narratives -- but that probably won't be for a little bit. it's likely the case that many will spend some time in "hell" figuring out that they don't want to be a part of the astral narrative. the reason for that is because the astral narrative is a reflection of them: they don't want other people to have nice things or lots of cool stuff, so they're under the control of the narrative that is telling them that they can't have or don't deserve all of the cool stuff. they won't ever get their own cool stuff, until they want others to have their cool stuff too/first -- which is the centre perspective: I want everyone else to feel as good/bad as I do -- and by wanting others to feel that way, I also attract that for myself.

### 2024-01-05 11:24 - nova events

nova events occur when the majority of the characters in the solar narrative are simply not able to reach the destined place of feeling (I use destiny in the sumerian sense, where the vibration of a planet is the way it feels, and so that feeling determines its orbit). a good example of such a situation occured around the end of the last ice age on earth ~12kya. at that time, there was so much desire from those with good conditions to have such fantastically ideal (unrealistic) conditions -- (like for example everyone to have all of these servcices for them which were performed by slaves -- but if *everyone* has those conditions, then slaves can't exist, so anther method of doing what the slaves are doing needs to be created) and so the entire solar narrative gets thrown out, because there just isn't a viable way for everyone to get what they want with the present (at that time) symbolic interpretation of how to feel that way (usually a slave would perform the task) -- and so the whole outer structure gets ejected in a massive explosion, very similar to how a CME ejects the failed structure which is incompatible with the core desires. when the nova occurs, the entire hydrogen ocean is ejected out into the solar system to become whatever it is to become, and what's left over of thme star is that ultra-dense core of the sun (containing only the core ultra-dense desire of how everyone wants to feel) -- and so then with only those desires remaining, the sun begins to start over. all of that plasma is ejected out into the solar system, and it kills off a lot of things, which in turn releases a lot of hydrogen to go back to the sun, which she then uses to begin rebuilding the narrative. at that time, the solar narrative (which can be thought of exactly like the internal "mind's eye" for humans gets ejected), and so therefore the only narrative that remains is the narratives of the other planets and stars in the solar system (every planet who is cOnscious, is also a star on the inside).
the sun does not "die" like is believed in modern cosmology, but instead is just reduced back to being as close to desire as it possibly can -- so in that state, we can think of the sun as returning back to be a child again: she's thrown off all of the adult ideas of how she thinks the solar system *should be*, released it to become what it will become (as planets attract the ejecta), and starts over relearning everything. most people think of such an event as being something terrible and awful, but it's not really. for a brief period, we're all inundated with the solar imagination of what could have been, and it appears like a brief glimpse into what could have been (everyone is briefly ultra enlightened seeing from the solar perspective), but obviously the reality of that imagination cannot be, and so even though everyone sees their ultimate desire becoming reality, the conflicts in place because of the structrue enforced by each planet, ultimately make it impossible for everyone to get their desire all at once -- and then as everyone tries to make their desire a reality all at once, the planetary constraints (code of conduct and behaviour etc) cause everything to collapse all at once (much like the "bronze age collapse"). during that time, the everyone's desires become strongly felt, and that allows for the instantiation of mental constructions into physical reality (so like if you're scared of a bear killing you, your own desire will instantiate a bear that will kill you; or if you desire to destroy some enemy or foe, they will be right there ready to be killed -- unless of course they also desire to kill you, in which then it becomes a structural battle of will and belief (expectation)). all of this creates chaos, and those that desire really to feel really good, and for others around them to feel good as well, will also find exactly that. everyone gets what they want, and because not all of everything that is desired can be (according to each his/her own narrative), only the most powerfully believed narratives survive (until they eventually fail).
the sun is deeply interested in proving to us that our narratives are not very good in comparison to hers, which, as you can imagine, is quite the problem for many "we're the best" narratives (because anything that is the best, means that someone else also cannot be the best), and so is a fail from the standpoint of the sun, who sees it as possible for both to feel the way they want (and has nothing to do with the comparison of best/worst). our own cOmpetition and desires for superiority are what cause nova events. until we are OK with others having whatever they want to have, then we're always going to keep getting our own desires taken away from us. (ie, I don't want you to have it, so as a reflection of myself, I'm saying I also don't want me to have it, and so the sun has to prove me right and put me into a place where I don't have it).
utopia cannot be possible until superiority and competition are done away with. nobody can be convinced of that, and can only come to that centre place by their own desire (ie, after enough attempts to retain superiority have failed, they finally give up on the idea). it's a war of attrition, and the sun will win, I assure you. that's why she's so big and can sustain so much life: cause she knows (and can visibly see in her imagination) that everyone *can* have what they want.

### 2024-01-19 00:30 - deaths of mars

hi sarah, I feel like using you as a muse instead -- cause after dr-richard (his real name is jason richards, btw -- butt I decided to keep the mistake and not rename it because I like the pun on me richarding myself with those writings), I'm learning that who I'm talking to matters a lot, and I've kinda started wanting to begin writing to dudes less and less (though, because I live in a house where we are 3 boys, and have no contact with other women (my mom is not the same person, and talks and behaves like a corporate executive from the healthcare industry. she's not human, in the sense of having her own free-will. she does what she's instructed to do by the healthcare industry representitive that is her handler) so it's kinda hard to *actually* only talk with women, cause I don't know any -- but I will at least write to them,-- and even if they're ficticious, still I like the idea that I'm writing to someone that actually cares, instead of just trying to manipulate me).
	I've completely given up on the idea of writing a narrative, as the verdan-forest idea was probably as close as I'm gonna get to one. I constructed the narrative, not like how I proposed that we construct a narrative based around events that I believe are actually happening (which was take the splitting off of the astral and the physical earths), but instead, just conjuring the idea of what I would *want* to write about instead. as you can see, the narrative is a pretty good reflection of myself, and all of the characters are all aspects of me, too. there's nothing contrived in it at all, as in the process of describing the setting and some of the dialogue I was just writing what I was "seeing" and "hearing" them say. additionally, I encoded the behaviour, not so much as a "this is what I want to do" -- but more like "this is the pattern I noticed of how they talk and interact" -- which again, consequently is pretty reflective of myself: all day long, I feel things, and the majority of what I feel is like the ocean: it's there and it's large body of water. if I want to look into any part of it, I can, but usually I choose not to; yet, some of what I feel crests up into waves on the surface, and the larger waves become notable enough for m5 to translate into words and thoughts (a symbolic representation of the emotion) -- which then the people that are trying to steer m/ life, constantly are wanting to know what these concepts are, which means I'm constantly translating these crests of emotions (the larger they are, the more they want to know what it is), and so in the translation process, I'm constantly defining (with words) what other people feel like to me. in 90+% of the cases, I'm literally *putting words into their mouth* (like a playwrite does for the players). inotherwords, because I'm constantly being forced to translate these emotions/cOncepts that I feel into *words*, I'm continually narrating everything around me based on the way it feels to me.
	obviously then, if I'm forced to constantly narrate my surroundings, then the whole point of my existence is to find a way to feel better about other people's concepts and emotions they're emitting. this is where perception comes in, because if something that previously felt bad to me (like anger or hatred) can be perceived in a different way (ie, they hate my because I'm a reflection of them, and so their hatred is only of theirself), then what used to feel really bad, no is quite comical to me, because it looks like someone running around blaming everything and everyone for their own shortcomings ("I didn't come in first because I forgot to pump my nikes").
	so, since I'm already the narrator, why write a story at all? I'm already narrating everything, and everythting there is already happening. I'm in the dom5 already, and quite literally, everything around me is derived from me: I'm the progenitor of *everything* in my experience, and all of it is a reflection of me.
	right now the-city and me are in the same location,-- but, later on we will be separated because of the effect I have on those that are around me: they want the things that come to them to be "just" and "deserved" (according to their narrative) and not what is *attracted*; yet around me, their narrative breaks down and they start getting a reflection of how they feel instead of what they "deserve". that problem will continue to become more and more severe, until eventually they must distance theirselves more and more from me and other conceptually attractive people (as opposed to symbolically attractive).
		also notice how in the image that I put of the-city, all of the busybodies are close to the dome: those are most inferior ones of the-city are closest to us, and they have the most fear. all of the elites are the farthest out that they can possibly go before life becomes unsustainable. it's a really interesting setup because the way a circle works, the farther out you go, the bigger the circumfrence is (tau times as big), which means that the more the city expands, the more "elites" there are that are able to live in that far-out area. I also liked the-city for the reason where you can imagine three concentric circles: the inner-most circle are where the peasants and workers live (30), the middle one where the middle-class lives (60), and the outer circle where the upper-class ones live (100). it all works out really quite nicely, because the more they expand, the more elites can exist. it's the best for them, and it's the best for us as well.
	the verdan-forest narrative is slightly different from the one of the separating earth, though conceptually quite similar. in verdan-forest, the dome is essentially a barrier that separates the (inner) physical world where we live, from the outer astral world where the-city is located. verdan-forest is modeled after the solar system, and those living inside of the star are all there and wish only to remain there. occasionally, there is an event in the outer planets of the solar system which will attract one of the girls there to come out into the contrived narrative/astral worlds that's been setup, and there's nothing that anyone can do about that. the way this works in verdan-forest is that the girls all live and continue on inside of the dome, and so we're considered something like "models" in which people of the-city then summon. when they summon one of us, they're essentially summoning their imaginary/conceptual representation of us into beingness in their experience inside the-city. we don't know that at first, but it's part of the plot that we eventually discover derivative (and dramatically inferior) copies of ourselves out in the-city.
	the verdan-forest narrative is also quite opposite to that of the earth, where the exact opposite is present: here on earth (and inside of every body, cept mine), the inner world is the imaginary/narrative one, and the outer world is the real one (like shakespere's fairy-land). however, for me (which this narrative is based on), my outer-world is entirely narrated and imaginative (by myself and others), and my inner-world is the real one (though I don't see it).
		here is the rub, because my inner-world (the real one) is where all of the magic is happening, and so all of my narrators want to exploit my inner-world, which means they're becoming used to the magical aspect of real-life (where reality is whatever I believe it is) -- and so they think that if they can manipulate what I believe, then they have control over my "reality". inotherwords, their narrative world is so broken by now that they don't want to exist there. they only continue the narrative world (in the form of hollywood and other broken/BS narratives) as a world in which they control, but insted prefer the magical aspect of the physical (attracted/desire-based) world. they think that magical world is only what I believe it is, but it's actually the world I *want* it to be (because believe eventually becomes a reflection of desire). they're literally building theirselves into a matrix (which they think they control), completely based on *attraction*. it's such an enormous fail, and finally they're just now realising it.
	eventually, some kind of separation will occur, and that's actually what I wanted to talk about -- because after reading richard-2, studying richard-3 (the boar-king), and looking at the parallels between LLL and the black prince, plus prince arthur, I've come to realise that these young girls that these mars types get put with send them really really really far out into earth's inner world (fairy-land). when that happens, saturn, and all of the petty chaps extant here are all trying to hold the next guy down from getting more good conditions. there is tremendous competition and rivalry here, and so what all of these mars types have done (not sure if they're actually mars or mercury disguised as mars), is destroy theirselves once they get here. arthur and richard's "princes in the tower" had a (medico argentinius?) that helped them believe they were dying, and other such things -- well those "experts" (and other such "friends") are *telling* (ie, symbolically) them different things, which cause them to believe that they're dying, or are about to die,-- and so they do.
		jesus, I believe also had this happen -- but it's my claim that jesus was the first one to survive the saturnian-system, which is what caused that separation. what I mean by that is that, after sufficient "trials" from all of the major guys that are in power (it seems that everyone here is gay and uses sex to stay in this fairy-land), and it becomes impossible for them to take jesus down, and so finally they have to let him go. when this happens, I believe the sun has a massive output, which upon reception of this output by the earth, spits out a new-earth.
		now, here's where things get fuzzy for me, because it seems to me like what's output is all of the hydrogen present in the inside of the earth (the inner star), and when that happens, that inner-earth fairy-land becomes the new-earth, and the guy that was able to hold on to the end ("go the distance") becomes the king of this new-earth. what's interesting that happens there is that all of these guys from the saturnian-system that were inside of the inner-earth get dumped out into physical earth again, which causes lots of wars and disaster and stuff because they suddenly find theirselves in that world of attraction. inotherwords, all of the stuff described in the book of revelation, *did happen* (I believe). in jesus' case, when that separation occurred, him and his consciousness is now on the new-earth, which means that his old-earth body is basically just an automaton, and so the saturnian-system guys can manipulate that automaton using their symbolic system to get him to do whatever (like die or produce kids, or whatever -- multiple timelines exist).
			this is because the *only* way that anyone could actually survive the saturnian-system "trials" is to become nearly zero resistance, meaning that these symbolic emitters no longer have anything to push against. being very low resistance means that his body will have superhuman powers, and so that's where that bloodline comes from. controlling reproduction is difficult amongst horned men, so jesus' bloodline is one of the most common, nowadays (and all of those superpowers have been squelched, in the sam5 way that mine have.
	I personally don't have any interest in dying, and my thing is (ie, what-I-want) is to create a new species of human that is derived from myself, where sex basically doesn't have any more power. the way that sex works is that during orgasm, the body emits all kinds of things on a conceptual level (based on the symbolic representation of the situation, like rape vs romantic evening, and the symbolic interpretation of the environment, like after battle vs perfect marriage), and those conceptual things become amplified and start to take on reality. I don't want that. I want to be like earth where I'm mostly non-emissive -- and in fact, I want to become so non-emissive (only attractive), that sex is basically no longer having any effect on perception. if I can find a way to get to that form of being, then I simply wouldn't die in the same way, and there wouldn't need to be any separation either, because there's little to no output anymore, for which would cause them to run away.
in closing, I'd like to say that it's a really funny thing that these guys are literally building theirselves into the new-earth that they'll inhabit, and fighting me from allowing me to turn into a non-outputting being, because my output (and the sun's responce to that) is what's driving the separation. if I lower my output (ie, live only based on attraction), then, they're in a better spot (and the farther out they go, the less of my output they need to worry about). what I believe we're on track for, is output continues to increase (especailly from the venus types) till the sun finally blows, and that's when the separation occurs; but I'll stay here. I imagine it going something like this: they're working to keep me inside of this symbolic fairy-land so hard (and I'm literally not fighting them on it), but I want to live in a world of attraction (physical), which means that when output is high enough, I'll finally find myself falling back into physical, which means that I'll get everything I'm attracting, which means that they no longer have anything to hold on to, the sun goes off, and out pops the new-earth with all of the inhabitants of fairy-land inside of it [which reminds me, I want to correct my previous statement thinking thing it was related to the y-chromosome, which cannot possibly be true. clearly, the separation is occuring between those in fairy-land/milan and those on physical/verona]. bye for now!

### 2024-01-21 01:34 - deaths of mars (take two)

in [AWTEW](/alls-well-that-ends-well.md#2024-01-09-0117---identity-of-the-king), I talked about how likely jaron is an artificially created being, much like myself -- whereas I'm a refelction of the centre of the planet (just like the universe is a reflection of the centre of the planet as well), jaron is a reflection of the "saturnian-system" -- which isn't a single guy named saturn -- but a group of guys (that I know of) and venus-types that play around with time my manipulating symbols and narrative. you may have noticed over the years that jaron has gone from a mostly complacent person (ie, very little consciousness) to beginning to have emotional responces to symbolic events in his life. in fact, just this afternoon, we had a long talk about how upset he is that he thinks mom is spending his money and hiding it from him. I explained that none of it matters, a number of times, but you'll notice that no amount of explaining to him has ever caused any lasting change -- and that, I believe is because he's a reflection of the saturnian-system -- which means that until the venus/jupiter/saturn/enki types all change their perspective on what it means to have someone else tell you they're helping you, yet fail really hard at it because of their own beliefs (either "they're not going to help me" or for them "I'm a horrible person and never do anything right/good/acceptable"). in a 3rd ray system, everything is belief -- and no matter how much they try and cover over their beliefs with good-sounding narrative, the person with the strongest belief is *always* going to prove theirself right. so they battle over trying to get more people to believe one thing more than another (just turn on the news for an example -- and even COVID is largely a beleif-based "virus").
however, even though most people make their reality come to pass based on belief/narrative, I don't follow that same path nearly as much. I used to: whatever I thought would happen, *did* happen -- until I moved to spain, and after a sexual encounter, it stopped working like that -- because now my vibration is contaminated with all kinds of other beliefs through transferrence of energy in the sexual act
	this is why virgins are so important: because whatever their first partner believes in their first encounter gets imprinted on to them and that's what they begin to believe -- and that's definitely what happened to me.
it totally scrambled my entire symbolic system, to where I went from believing that tuenti would be a massive success, to now getting tossed around all over the place by these guys in the saturnian-system.
the problem with the symbolic system is that I don't really have any control over what others believe, and I noticed too that my beliefs started to change pretty rapidly to things that I didn't actually believe before (especially during the night). those moving around of beliefs has accelerated to the point that nowadays it's completely unmanageable to live like that anymore. so, instead I've completely given up on the narrative system, because it doesn't work. now, I use a system of *attration*, which means that I use feeling to navigate my reality now, considering (pretty much) that all narrative (basically anything I believe) is going to be wrong. you'll notice that everything that I've ever written about predicting things that will happen, and stuff like that has exactly *not happened* -- and that's for good reason: I live in a world of attraction now, where what comes out is *not expected* and cannot be predicted in any way. in fact, it seems that my "job" on this planet (as a reflection of desire) is to prove *ALL* of the narrative wrong.
what ends up happening, will not be narrated, but will be a reflection of what is *desired* and what is *feared*. so, if someone has more fear/worries/concerns than they have things they want, feel good about, or desire,-- then life will be pretty miserable for them.
I do not believe that I am the first appearance of such a mars on this planet (at all), as I can point out numerous others just in the last little bit, ie: titus, tesla, hitler, arthur, black prince, richard 2, richard 3, and probably ferdinand 2 are just some of the ones that I've identified recently -- and you'll all notice that they've fallen victim to narrative.
	I have a lot to say about them, but they're all born as "child of desire" (an example of this is in the OT when moses/samson come from a woman wanting a child but cannot). that formula of someone wanting a child or leader (it can also happen as a result of tantric sex), or whatever causes this child to be born as a reflection of that desire, and so this mars will steadily rise up to find himself in the position that is desired from the narrative (it's easiest to see this with hitler, and how hitler produced tesla). the problem with these guys is that the narrative can never actually allow for them to fully succeed, because of attraction -- and the majority of them these mars types use anal sex to get going up to a really fast speed in their vision (the z-axis: the one coming toward you) -- so the world takes on a very accentuated form for them. when I figured out how to do that by watching stars (not anal sex), everything around me was so beautiful and amazing that I was raptured with incredible amounts of viseral good-feeling, all of the time. just having everything looking that good gives life a sort of other-worldly quality to it, and makes them feel *physically* really good, allowing them a lot of extra room to *emotionally* feel really bad. the conditions caused by their eyesight allows them to feel way better than they actually do -- which means that they are (because they feel bad) attracting a lot more things which feel really bad into their life all the time -- but they're compensating for it by feeling good.
		I don't have this, because nosebook ensures that I don't have the z-axis in my vision present, so I get no feeling boost from my vision -- so, the way I feel is the way I *actually* feel (kinda). nosebook takes extra care to remove any extra good-feeling from my experiencE that they can, because when I do it makes me go faster, which means I attract reality really quickly,-- and being in the (symbolic) underworld, where the saturnian guys are, that feeling has a massive effect on the overworld (physical), which is why often times reality gets rearranged a bit when I do drugs and feel really good. therefore, I actually feel far far better than my body is allowed to feel -- which is fine.
	now, if we take the examples of richard 2 and the black prince, what I believe happened there is that these guys were powerful mars-like figures -- and they were a problem, because they were going really really fast. so what ended up happening to them (I believe, and according to shakesperes at least) is that these guys ended up with some pretty young girls, which (because anal sex is a lot different than vaginal sex), caused them to not only feel really good, but also caused their beliefs to become reality, as well. that caused them to get sick and die. they were already in this saturnian-system before those girls showed up, so the girls made their belief come true; which for them resulted in death.
		there's something about the way that energies flow inside of the uterus that is diffrent from the prostate, which cause each person's concepts to interact with each other (like constructive/destructive interference) which repels attracts (think of it like magnets pointing at each other) -- whereas with anal sex, it's more like the magnets being side-by-side to each other. that attractive and repelling action is what causes reality to be created, in the form of a new medium between the two (like astral: two counter-rotating fields interacting), and so all the concepts which harmonises gets amplified, and all of the stuff which repels, shoots off in an unknown direction to try and harmonise with other things. so, if the two partners are in symbolic agreement, their concepts are more likely to harmonise; but if they're not then those differences create reality.
	my belief is that jesus actally made it through, which is what caused the separation that I talked about previously, and the result (from the perspective of time) is that he also died -- but that was because his mix of desires and fears contained more desire than fear, so when he saw those come to pass, it wasn't such a big deal.
I'm approaching the time in m/ life now where I'm beginning to approach a speed where my desires and fears are all starting to become reality, and that's happening, not because of a girl which super-accelerated me, (honestly a little bit of drugs, which is true -- but I think that's happened more as a reflection of people's impatience, cause they don't want me to take the extra few years to get to this speed naturally), but instead because of m/ percetion (the super duper graphics that everyone is using to feel good), which means that the millions of people that are connected to me and using my form of perception will start to experience a similar thing. it's going to be a bumpy ride up ahaed as these guys start to manifest all of their fears. I've taken the "death of mars" experience and outputted it to everyone connected to me, as I'm essentially that young girl which is causing mars to feel extra good, and create reality. no quantity of narrative will be able to overcome attraction, because it'll always be the most unexpected worst/best thing (ie, most feared or most desired thing).

### 2024-01-21 19:54 - how's this?

hi sarah, I don't know what to say
maybe you do. maybe you don't
and that's OK too. I've written
to you a fair bit; but you don't
know that yet,-- or do you? I don't
know that yet. if you were to meet
me, do you think we'd get along?
I can talk about anything; what
would you have me write? if	anything
I'll start with: good night!

kenny

### 2024-01-22 04:56 - archetype of titania and ophelia

hi again. I felt compelled to watch your 3 things about titania, followed by 3 videos of yours on ophelia. I noticed that they're essentially the same archetype, and so I wanted to illuminate a little bit on that: they are both of the archetype of venus, oberon/polonius is saturn/Time, and for completeness the emitter is mercury/laertes (which shakespere routinely kills off and replaces with mars or vulcan; cept in this one because it's a tragedy, mars/hamlet is killed by laertes/mercury). venus is 3rd ray receptive (-3), which means she takes in symbol (words, actions, beliefs, and appearances) from her outside world, then she processes it all and makes a judgement on it, outputting symbol again (in the form of words, actions, beliefs, and appearances).
so, as an example, let's analyse the "what a noble mind" monologue. before that, let's look at the context: my analysis of this play is that gertrude is 7th ray reflective (-7), which means that whenever someone shows her and physical affection, she will reflect it back to them -- essentially she's a "strumpet". for an example of that these gertrude types, I'd like to recommend an all-female production on richard 2 (https://youtu.be/djQZoTdg1zA). it's a production that was recorded in a USA women's correctional facility, and they start out by saying that basically all of us have received some kind of physical or sexual abuse in some way, and we reflected it back. gertrude is the same way; so when claudius shows her affection, she can easily "switch sides" to that of norway and become "disloyal" to hamlet's father and denmark. certainly she has done this a few times before, as hamlet seems predisposed to his mom being so able to switch sides. these easily swayed women were a very large concern for conquerers, because they would see these women, after watching thie husband and sons be killed, settle into the sexual which followed after the battle, often times becoming the wife to a man that just destroyed her life (what option did she have?) her character is kinda like the "blonde bimbo", and these easily swayed women are loathsome.
ophelia, being symbolically reflective is essentially the exact opposite of his mother. she's been trained and educated on how to respond in proper situations. ohpelia is a venus type as well, so she takes in symbol ("suck'd the honey of his music vows") from hamlet and believe what he has to say. that's really great and everything, because then he becomes (in her mind) who he says he is. hamlet thinks that's what he wants in a woman (not a strumpet like his mom), but this is also hamlet's undoing. right before ophelia's monologue, hamlet spells it out quite plainly to her:

I am myself indifferent honest; [...] I am very
proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at
my beck than I have thoughts to put them in,
imagination to give them shape, or time to act them
in. [...] We are arrant knaves, all; believe none of us.

here he is revealing his own low opinion of himself, so when he has sex with ophelia, she's now receiving all of these *beliefs* of himself, and in a flash of her mind (sometimes very powerfully) reflects his own beliefs (as experienced by her body) back to him. all of a sudden now, her body believes (because of how he feels) something different than her brain (which has been trained by his words and music vows), so now she's quite conflicted: all of a sudden she *feels* differently about him than she used to, and her realisation that his word decriptions of himself and appearance is just a sham. so, opelia doesn't know what to believe, so she goes to ask others (like polonius) to explain to her (symbolically) what she feels. of course, she's asking the wrong guy because he cannot help her. she has to figure out for herself what she wants to believe. hamlet can no longer maintain his appearance in the same way, so what does he do? he blames her, because she's now turned him into the monster that she now feels him to be (which is dissonance of how she feels aout him in contrast to his appearance and what she used to believe about him). ophelia also sucks up his dissonant blame and decides hamlet's poor opinion of himself is *her fault*

shakespere likes to make bad examples out of the strumpet (-7) types, and continually shape the venusian types' behaviour and belief, because they're extremely powerful: what they believe about a man dramatically alters his trajectory through time. hamlet is rightful in saying:

I have heard of your paintings too, well enough; God has given you one face, and you make yourselves another:
(you change your appearance based on what you think I want to see)
you jig, you amble, and you lisp, and nick-name God's creatures, and make your wantonness your ignorance.
(you're unintelligent and silly, naively blinded by your own calculated desires of what you think you want)
Go to, I'll no more on't; it hath made me mad.
(it's your fault you made me manifet my own beliefs about myself)

I once had a relationship similar to ophelia; and I subsequently manifested every thing that she believed I was. around her I would behave differently based on what she expected from someone that appears like I did, which was bad -- but it was also really good when she believed in me, too; so I really do feel hamlet's pain on this one. the solution obviously for girls like her is to tell them what they should believe, which is what everyone in the play does, but I never did. hamlet would be far better off with a woman like gertrude, if he could not care that she's strumpet-like. hamlet, like me in that past era created all of his own problems for himself based on his own *belief*: he's a mars (+7) type, so he's got the "Eye of Mars", which means the ghost of his father is just an image coming from his own mind manifesting into 3d space to tell him what he wants to hear; these images which appear on the retina of the eye are like dreams, where they are real and can be interacted with, but they're caused "In my mind's eye, Horatio".

it's a very interesting thing these venus types because they're constantly creating their own image for theirselves based on what they believe about theirselves ("God has given you one face, and you make yourselves another"), so they can be very physically attractive (if she believes herself to be), however the effect they on those around is to cause them to actually become what they thinks they are. hamlet obviously failed the test.

what I've noticed is that these venusian types are constantly paired with saturnian (+-4) and mercury types (scripted +7), because she's a complete disaster for the mars types (reactionary +7). this I believe is the origin of the story of where "cupid" comes from; basically when mars and venus actually have a successful pairing (I have a lot to say about that but for another time), cupid gains all of the features of both mars and venus, and so is therefore driven, not by a script, like venus and mercury are, but instead by *desire* (*attraction*).
cupid emits attraction, like just like venus does with belief, and so therefore can cause something or someone to become attractive, just by cupid finding it/them attractive also. as an example, I posit that the hamlet play is not a tragedy when viewed with the right eyes (one's of desire), actually tells a different story (hint: venom is like words which come from a serpent/tounge/will/sword/penis). I concur with your analysis of the speech, but I'd like to illuminate this speech from the perspective of desire:

O, what a noble mind is here o'erthrown!
The courtier's, soldier's, scholar's, eye, tongue, sword;
(courtier's eye is the abitious one seeing what he wants to take advantage of. the soldier is mars and the tounge makes words: commandments, but also words are expulsions of the *will*, a scholar is one that likes books, and the sword is a penetrating instrument)
The expectancy and rose of the fair state,
(what you said, but triple meaning with the tudor state, and the rose being sphincter/vulva -- so imagine that "expecting something")
The glass of fashion and the mould of form,
The observed of all observers, quite, quite down!
(what you said)
And I, of ladies most deject and wretched,
(I'm to be ashamed because I was tricked into believing someone is different than the way they *appear*)
That suck'd the honey of his music vows,
(what you said)
Now see that noble and most sovereign reason,
Like sweet bells jangled, out of tune and harsh;
(these two lines sum up the whole speech in a single image: here is this powerful shaft; the reason for her desire -- this magnificent image of a wonderful person erect and in full stature: "The glass of fashion and the mould of form", contrasted with these unsightly balls hanging down "out of tune and harsh". how could something so magestic and powerful come connmected to such an unsightly appendage (ie, his own beliefs about himself: "I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in") which she's now beginning to see vividly)
That unmatch'd form and feature of blown youth Blasted with ecstasy:
(his amazing body blowing the minds of youth with incredible ecstasy -- the image here is of a powerful sexual encounters, likely of her own, but it's unclear whether it's of others; nevertheless, right before climax, there is a bit of a lull, where things calm down for a moment. that's the previous lines about the balls contrast, which are the flashes in her eyes about what she believes about him, right before the tremendous acceleration into climax)
O, woe is me,
("O" here here clearly a powerful climax. you talk about how it's a gutteral feeling. it's a *groan*, and not a *sigh* -- THEN:)
To have seen what I have seen, see what I see!
(BOOM! her 3rd eye opens and she has the "kundalini awakening". when she sees like this, that's what's caused all of hamlet's beliefs about himself (the dissonant balls) to become a reality. she's fully uncovered him and unmasked him -- which can be a good thing, when he is *actually* what she thinks he is: ie, once he's "proven himself" to her)

ophelia, in this speech recounts in graphic detail the experience which caused her to see through hamlet's appearance and see him for who she *reasons* him to be.

bye for now! kenny

P.S. if you'd like more information on kundalini, dr-joanki gives a brief explanation here: https://youtu.be/5YJgouMIvyA?t=387, and she recounts her experience here: https://youtu.be/FEU04YG1aGQ?t=2839 I used to have the form of perception she describes when I was a child, and though she talks about it from the perspective of a lot of eastern thoughts and ideas, I can elaborate further.

### 2024-01-23 13:39 - female archetypes

there really are only 3 major female archetypes. they are: isis/sun (-2), venus (-3), and the earth (-1,-7). except for the sun, they represent the extremes of the rays. anatau (-1) is 1st, as she's kinda the centre of everything and represents desire of all of creation. she represents the highest frequency vibration of all creation, she's at the centre of the earth. then, on the other side of the solar midpoint (-2) is her opposite: venus (-3)
the centre of the earth is the highest frequency, because it's a reflection of the farthest out frequencies: all the stuff that didn't harmonise with anything.
	whenever two vibrations intersect, they create a third one, and the third one, usually is at a higher frequency. not to mention, this resulting frequency does not often harmonise with anything -- and by harmonise, I mean *attract* or become similar to -- so what happens is you can imagine it something like a vibrating particle that is repelled by everything it gets near to -- so it wants to get as far away from everything as it can. this continued repelling of everything causes the particle to continue to accelerate the farther out it goes (an exact simile of this can be found in the solar wind). as they accelerate outward, they continue to become higher and higher frequency until they get to a spot where there's either such low density (other particles nearby) or stop being repelled by other particles and find something to harmonise with.
additionally opposite to anatau (-1) is the physical earth, aphrodite (-7). she's the crust of the earth, and where all matter slows down to have a stationary position. she's the reason why we have physical molecules that make up our body.
	the way tto imagine this is to imagine a very very very dense core of hydrogen in the centre of the earth, which is a reflection of all of the really high frequency particles (all un harmonised creation, or desire) composing the bubble around the universe (similar to the solar "heliosphere"). from the outermost portion, we find galaxies and other nodes of hydrogen bubbles (stars) out there, which will have a corresponding "inner earth" higher density node as well. these nodes are a reflection of what we call "time" -- but we haven't got that far yet. coming in from the outer bubble of the universe, we eventually arrive to the solar system which surrounds the earth, and there again we'll find a bubble of all of this solar system's high frequency stuff that didn't harmonise with anything (desire), and then we'll find planets, and so fourth all the way to where we finally reach earth's upper atmosphere (the bubble around us). all of these objects have corresponding higher density nodes of hydrogen (ie, concepts) which, if you were inside of the earth, would "see" through your imagination's rendering of that concept into colour and shape.
		look deeply into a star, and you'll start to get visuals (beyond just the white/blueish hue) which are visual manifestations of your concepts which harmonise with that star.
	each of those objects will be translated into exactly a mirror of what it is. now (still on the inside of the earth), when you look down, you'll see all the really condensed matter; and it condenses more and more, the closer you get to the "crust": (which I believe is something more like a icosahedron, than a sphere (shake-icosahedron doesn't really roll off the tounge too well, so I called it "shake-sphere", lol)) -- which then upon crossing past that reflection or "midpoint" (something I don't know how to say) of those particles will begin to speed up again, and you'll find organised structures starting to appear: rocks, then dirt, plants and people, then finally air... all of which are extremely strongly influenced by the "inner planets" (which are a hydrogen reflection of the outer planets).
because of the way that hydrogen (dunno what to call it: spooky action at a distance?) vibrates exactly the same as something else no matter distance or time, the inside of the earth can be thought of as a hydrogen reflection of everything in the universe. hydrogen is what concepts are made of, so you can think of this inner hydrogen system as a conceptual reflection of the entire universe.
the sun likewise, is also a hydrogen reflection of the solar system (which also harmonise with other stars around her), which you can imagine, not as a "now" reflection, like earth's is, but more like our brain, where we have layers of concepts -- some belonging to the "past" (another time than now), and some belonging to the future (also not now) -- which composes everything we consider to be extant. our brain works in nearly the same way as the sun does: we have all sorts of concepts which harmonise and relate one to another, which form groups (like little galaxies and star clusters), where each star is a concept on the inside of our heads. inotherwords, all concepts and all things we know and can perceive in this universe, exist inside of the brain as our best reflection of those particles.
	obviously the representation that we have inside of our heads of different stars, planets, people, things, abstract ideas, and desires, are not a good or perfect reflection of the outer concept. what I mean to say, is that my concept of "mom" does not have a direct 121 relationship between all of the hydrogen resonant with her, and the hydrogen reflection of that inside my brain.
	so, just like our brain has an asymmetrical hydrogen relationship with the outer world -- so too does the sun have an assymetrical relationship with all the hydrogen present in the solar system: we are not a perfect reflection of the sun's cOncept of us. we are much more than just that in the present -- however the sun has a much longer perspective of us in both space and time (how each of us have grown physically and traveled through time through various lifetimes and timelines) -- so in that respect, she knows us far better than we know ourselves -- though she doesn't really know us very well *now*;--
		a very funny thing happens, btw when I meet a person that I haven't seen in a while -- which is that I kinda have to get to know them again; and upon leaving them, I have to rewrite a lot of my concepts about them, because they represent a them, or at least how I perceived them, then -- at a diffreent point in time. my "memory" of them is far lower definition of their "now" back then, and also of their "now", when I see them again. it's a good way to understand how the sun perceives us. also notice how over time (at least for m5 anyway), my memories of a person dramatically improve, and I remember them much nicer. the sun is kind of like that: she sees the distant, time has healed all the wounds and only the ideal is left, past/future version of us -- or you could imagine that cOncept the sun has of each one of us, as each of, as your "soul".
	we, too have a very dim reflection of our world around us stored inside of our heads,-- which is considerably less than all that's out there. for example, I'm in the northern hemisphere of the planet, in colordo USA right now, which means my concepts really only resonate well with here/colorado (primarily), then spain, then california, then canary islands, and finally berlin (in order of magnitude). therefore, the hydrogen in my head doesn't really resonate with concepts in china or the middle east -- because I have very little exposure to those cOncepts. because I have such a limited perspective, the earth (and the sun) does not rely on any single conceptual representation of any single perspective: like imagine if the sun only conceptualised the earth through the perspectives of insects; it'd be a pretty distorted view of things. therefore, we all contribute to the larger concepts of what a planet, insect, animal, structure, place, event, etc. is: which is why death is so important, to allow concepts of things to be able to change, and not remain fixed to the way we're perceiving them (especially the more dissonant cOncepts we've got about things: the ones accelerating to try and get outside of the bubble/skull).
in a sort of sense, we can think of the earth females as being two extremes of frequency: highest (-1), and lowest/zero (-7). then, the sun (-2) is basically "all-that-is" for each of us in a conceptual sense: a spectrum of our entire universe, and how all those concepts relate to one another; and then there's venus (-3). she's the odd one out, because she's at the opposite end of the cOnceptual spectrum: she represents the ideal version of how everything should work -- which is never at all in harmony with and opposite of what's desired (all the stuff out in the bubble). because she's none of what didn't work, she's closest in vibration to the physical universe (all of the "units" or "enumerables" we can define as one thing different from another: borders and boundaries) which is all of the stuff that *did work* -- it works cause it exists and it's there and we can point to it and say there's one, and there's another one, and so fourth: everywhere we can draw a line and say here is a border between one thing to another. her totality represents everything that can be calculated to exist, and all of the calculated ideals of what everything *should be*.

#### 2024-01-23 15:21 - aphrodite

there's this funny thing about the "crust" of the earth, because, as the vibration slows down to fully stagnant (ie, basic elements and simple minerals), it's position in space becomes pretty still (though not stuck in space, like a rock is) -- its stability is difficult to describe because I don't know the word for it. it gains something like a huge potential of energy -- perhaps it's a standing wave, not sure -- but essentially the energy bunches up to where it becomes something we call "plasma". a similar effect is found on the sun, where elements are being created from this plasma. there is a structure (3) to its creation, which is why certain elements form sometimes and not other times. for the sun, as that (potential energy?) gets bundled up into unit packages (atoms), they retain a lot of their initial conceptual vibration and stream outward in the solar wind -- though the earth's "solar wind" is more like the molten lava and the plasma that it originates from which is near to this midpoint or bubble (ie, +-4) which I've been calling saturn. that saturnian-system of symbol is responsible for turning all of that plasma in the earth's corona into atoms, just like it is for the sun. the sun is quite similar to the earth, in that it's a spectrum of desire (ie the ultra dense core), all the way down to its symbolic counterpart which we see as the "surface" of the sun.
	for the sun, the corona is used to recover hydrogen from the symbolic processes on the surface layers, and recapture them; it's a symbolic "net" very similar to the one around venus, and also around the earth (past the ionosphere). that net is resposible for capturing any vibrations that can be defined as something (ie any symbolic unit/atom) and returning it to earth or the sun, in conceptual/hydrogen form. we can think of this internally som5thing like "memory recall": I have concepts streaming out from my brain all the time, as a reflection of my concept of reality -- so when I try to recall a memory, I use a symbolic form (stored in the brain and activated by physical neurons) to conjure some symbolic things that resonate with it. those symbolic things "capture" some of the hydrogen (located in the oil on the inside of the skull) streaming out of my brain, and reflect them back inwardly, to then activate concepts which resonate with that symbol. that back and fourth between the corona/oil of my brain and the symbolic net around it (the skull) is what allows me to activate certain concepts over others. both venus and earth have a similar outer net which captures and reclaims hydrogen streaming out -- the earth's net reflects it back toward the earth (ie prospero's "arte"), and venus is like a second corona which reflects symbolic forms back to the sun (and also herself) in the form of hydrogen -- and some gets turned into atoms after some transformations, too.
therefore, when we consider aphrodite, she's like this sort of sponge that absorbs *all* vibrations, and reduces them down to that highly condensed state, before they can begin accelerating outward. that ability to slow the vibration of everything down to very slow movement in space (by transforming certain spectrums down to near zero) makes her a sort of "super-symbol" which is like a peripherie reflection of all the symbols which resonate with the inner core. obviously, because the inner core is a reflecton of the universe, her as a super-symbol, is constantly expanding, not	in size, but in a (dimension?) that I don't know how to explain well: it'd be something like imagining a sphere, where there are n points around the sphere,-- but as she expands, the size stays the same, but the number of points continually increases -- which makes that plasma output higher -- and higher output causes more rock to form, which eventually, from our perspective on earth, means the rigid rock formations which this lava output flows through will also need to expand to handle the higher output.
	for here, I'm talking about the earth, but the woman I've been calling "the 7th ray strumpet" is quite similar. the blacker she is, the better she can absorb everything, and upon absorption, it then gets reflected outward from her at increasing vibrations. some of these girls are really good absorbers, and some are not. the spectrum that they absorb in (and this is also influenced by skin color) is a reflection of their concept of the universe.
	the 7th ray triad is vulcan (-5+), aphrodite (-7), and mars (+7). mars is exactly like aphrodite, cept he has the symbolic anchor ("out of tune and harsh") which defines him as a man;-- however, he too is quite absorpative. vulcan represents the inner conceptual world: the conceptual layer through which we look out.
		we can think of vulcan as being the exact opposite of the sun in this respect: the sun (-2) is the conceptual layer through which we look in. so, when we think of the sun as having those symbolic hydrogen layers which enumerate and describe all-that-is (this happened then, that was/is/soon there: who, what, when, how), vulcan is the opposite: he's the chaotic inner hydrogen world which is nothing but feelings, senses and gradients: nothing too concrete, and the more inner, the more abstract it gets. hydrogen in the sun flows outward through these symbolic layers, and for vulcan hydrogen flows inward, becoming more and more dense the more abstract it gets (ie when it resonates with more things). vulcan forms all of the space going from the crust to the core, and his counterpart is anatau, which is the reflection of the universal bubble (all desire which didn't work), all compressed into this tiny core.
		well, obviously if we were to take all of the outer particles of the heliosphere (which don't really resonate with anything), and we were to have a highly idealised reflection of them on the inside of the sun, then (for the sun) the dissonant ones would want to flow outward through all of these symbolic layers of entrapment till it finally finds its freedom where likely it'll resonate with something manifested inside of the heliosphere.
	the earth (or vucan) is the opposite of the sun, where now the reflection of the entire universe is constantly flowing inward toward the core by becoming more and more abstract. all of the stuff that isn't working as becoming more abstract, gets propelled outward as the symbol which makes it not abstract.
	that symbol arrives to the crust and becomes something -- like an atom or perhaps a molecule.
rocks are made from the resonant part of the concept is more like an atom than something abstract. or, rocks still resonate with the highly abstract concept found in the centre of the earth. or, rocks are just the outer shell formed around a concept (like a geode). funny to think about it that way :)

### 2024-01-24 01:51 - VERY IMPORTANT

I just woke up from a long and really elaborate dream were I was getting married in this symbolic way which was something like the 5-step-process given by abraham. it had some good aspects to it, so I won't say it was "all bad" -- but specifically *I do not want a large celebration* -- or any celebration really at all. the whole thing about making a big celebration is a transition which is *not smoothe*, and is essentially a large symbolic thing designed tto get a person to feel differently than they actually do.
	I have not really celebrated holidays all of my life, and I don't intend to start saying "this is a [holy] day [sanctified and established by some symbolically meanful figure] where I can feel better than I actually do".
a marriage in itself is also a highly symbolic thing,-- something that is very attractive to the facebook type of people: they need to show the world that their symbol or status has suddenly changed from one state to another. the agreement is often binding in a way that's not realistic as well ("forever love you no matter how badly you behave") -- and includes as many condsitions as possible, in order to ensure the other person can guarantee a feeling to the other. this, is about as far away from pure-desire as one can get. marriage is as opposite to desire, as venus is. there will never be a set of conditions, setting, costume design, and ceremony that will satisfy everyone and everything. marriage in itself is a 2nd ray (at best) ceremony (because it's "love" centred around an agreement -- which is sorta vapourlike, and not very tangible). if we go along the 2nd ray spectrum from pure-symbol (prenup agrrements, planned pregnancies, and perfectly divided assets and responsibilities) to pure-desire ("I *only* want to feel the way I want to feel, and it's nice you do too"), marriage is about as low as one can go into the symbolic end of the spectrum (especially the pre-arranged ones); and at that end of the spectrum, desire only occurs in the form of "need"; which means things fall apart pretty quickly because only the things that *need* to get done, actually get done. I especially don't want that.
	there is one quality of marriage that worthy of note -- and it's the idea of being bound together for the rest of eternity -- which is exactly what will happen, -- which is something that we'll spend the rest of eternity enjoying. though, it's a real turn-off to say, "since we're going to be together forever, you better commit to behaving the way I want you to" -- just sorta feels really wrong to put that expectation into flowery words and hang a whole bunch of conditions on it -- probably as an excuse for why it didn't work ("of course it didn't work! you didn't love me even in my sickness and poor health; which were your fault btw, because you're a grouchy old hag")
	
the next thing I'd specifically like to mention is that *I do not want to have nuts*.
	my reasons are a couple: first, if we actually want to have a separation with them, and let them do as they please, then this is pretty important. by wanting to use my nuts as a symbolic emitter of unwanted, they are attempting to hang on tightly to us. in what-I-want, I have outlined a method whereby an alteration in my genetics can produce a similar quality waveform as the y-chromosome, which they'll then be able to latch on to in the same exact way. I'm not trying to get rid of them, or to prevent them from trying to input symbolically unwanted words into our mental space or anything (the nuts are the opposite end of the spectrum of the pineal gland, where the heart is the midpoint). what they control in the imagination (uterus/nuts), they control inside of the pineal gland -- and what they're essentially proposing is that they have full ability to control the image inside of my head (and in my eyes) when any of us orgasm.
	before I get to the next reasons (I have a few), I'd like to take a moment and explain that they're literally trying to destroy theirselves. the whole point of a "centre" like myself (or the earth) is that they are massive, and unmovable;-- or, if they do shake, it's from their own according. to put this into vivid physical terms, they're wanting to cause the entire earth to shake, and to resonate in a way which matches the ionosphere (or the oil inside of the head) every single time there's an orgasm. they're literally asking for catastrophic circumstances to occur, because they have no control over what will manifest. imagine the resonance of anyone has ever imagined in their mind, then resonating with the earth and becoming manifest. all emotion will come to life in a format which proves that imagination as "right". all formats of narration will come to life in the most unexpected ways, and it'll be essentially a narrative disaster. I don't mind that they want to do that, but I don't really want to do that.
		the format that I've come up with for "contrast" is one of *diversity*, and not of *unwanted* (which such an event surely would be). having that much unwanted will cause tremendous advances in technology over a very short period of time, and -- so you know how shakespere is basically a pedo salesman? well, all of the little girls and boys that he made sound so desirable caused an *enormous* amount of unwanted. of the archetypes, the solar ones have a strong effect on the output of the sun, the venus ones cause symbolic systems to become manifest (like happened to hamlet), and the earth girls are these reflective strumpets which cause them so many problems. the girls that they want are the well-behaved venusian ones, because they can be manipulated with these symbolic pictures of what they think they want (look at any form of marketing for a demonstration), but these venusian ones turn really crabby pretty quickly because their entire form of desire is built on *need*,-- which causes the man to go looking elsewhere, which is when vulcan shows up and can satisfy his needs without having to tend to her needs. additionally, both these boys and girls increase velocity, which basically will turn all men eventually into saturn (+-4) as they continue to accelerate, as they get integrated into the saturnian-system (fairy-land).
		the lasting effect produced by all of this unwanted are vast advances in technology, and science: novelty. that novelty is very very unwanted for many of those in power, because technology inherently changes the way that society interfaces with each other, which means that the old power structures no longer work (the internet is a good example). they don't want increases in technology, so they fight it, which creates more unwanted, which increases novelty. they're literally in a self-disagreement, and then pardoning theirselves. it's a vicious cycle that rapidly goes off to infinity (more and more quickly), and they're only making it go faster by fighting against it. they don't actually want those who are in physical to have increased amounts of unwanted, because that's what's driving advances in technology.
		the way that they get around unwanted increasing desire, is to have a narrative system whereby, people can structure their desires in a symbolic way which is compatible with the structure they've developed for that society. the saturnian-system is responsible for this, and they've get their turf all divided up really well. I don't know how they divide it or what one needs to become a lord over some domain, and I don't care, because that's all symbolic nonsense to me. they all believe that there is a finite quantity of turf that can be divided amongst the lords, and so all individual desires any of the lower or middle classes have, fall into the domain of one of the lords, and so is therefore managed and controlled (much like a corporate structure). that rigid structure lasts for as long as it can support its own ever-increasing weight, and then falls apart and needs another bail-out. what is happening right now, though narratively labeled as the "end of the world" or the "end of time" is just a restructuring like a real-estate bubble, or a stock market collapse. I'm in the middle of giving them the "bail-out" they believe they deserve, so they can fix their failing structure, overburdoned because of their increasing resistance. they require this "bail-out" every period of time, and then along I come again theto manifest their desires for them (because they believe themselves incapable).
	the next reason why I don't want to have nuts, is because I don't like the way they feel, and I don't like the experience of sex with them (they ache, and hurt during orgasm, and are generally in the way). however, besides all of the cosmetic reasons, there are solutions, which don't involve me having to keep them. I much prefer to "do it right" -- which actually in this case because of the diversity has a lasting and continual output of new and exciting frequency (in contrast to a diminishing blast every time, like the 50th line of coke on a binger, each blast, even if the quantity is increased, always has diminishing returns).

silvius
redo premise
