# dr-richard

### 2024-01-17 03:05 - introspection

hi richard (if I remember right), so I just wanted to use you as my muse here, because I decided I'm going to watch your play tonight. I originally saw it on the TSF youtube, and I felt like I wanted to download it and watch it -- so I did. I was going to watch it two nights ago, and went to search for the script,	because I often times cannot fully understand the words coming out of the actors' mouths -- and a search on two major search engiles produced nothing that sounded like the play. I searched again on youtube and found an interview that was done before a live reading (or something like that -- I'm going to check it out if the reading is done by you or not, and if it is, download that).
anyway, what happened is, I watched the interview (which was done in 2020 so quite dated at this point in history), and you gave a synopsis of the story: "it's a story about a princess that is selfish, and she meets some players, and in the play within a play, she learns the value of selflessness." (paraphrased obviously) -- and I thought to myself: "that's a terrible story to make a play on. I wouldn't write anything like that, at all!" -- so I went to the bathroom and thought about it -- and my conclusion was: "OK, fine, why don't I just write a play then."
	thing is, I've never even cOnsidered writing a play before, and I've specifically been staying away from writing narrative of any kind (hence why I prefer to write about experiences and put a bunch of ideas together like in the-manual), so I just automatically assumed that I wouldn't ever write something like this.
so, here's my opportunity to write a play -- so I lay down on the ground (like I usually do), to just start letting ideas come to me. first though, I need to summon the ideas -- and in order to do so, I need to *think* about what I want.
when I first started thinking, I immediately noticed that the story/play that I write will be an extension of m/self and my desires -- which is kinda good, and kinda bad at the same time. I knew that I would write a play with an all-female cast (cause the few plays that I saw which were very enlightening to me had an all female-cast). so then, what I write, will essentially be like me telling the girls how I want them to act (not really -- cause I like the idea that they can play it out any way they choose), and I'm literally putting words in their mouth -- which is kindof a disgusting picture. I didn't want to do that
	and it was at that moment when I realised why shakespere was written anonymously: cause it'd be like really weird for him to write plays where he's talking about thousands of virgins and stuff in between toilet humour, and not get strange looks from those around him. like, just imagine how judgmental those around him would be, where each play seems to continually introduce more and more taboo imagery.
	the utilisation and exploitatation of young girls (moving them around like plants in a field, or pessessions like nice furnature) was common back then, especially amongst the nobility and royalty. this theme is common in shakespere's works, and I think actually his encoding their treatment of that kind into his plays, in some ways increased it (probably middle and upper nobility watching the plays started doing it as well) -- but historically, I think it's put a bit of a damper on the whole thing (or at least made that behaviour more secretive).
	another aspect of that is that, he presents females as something like pleasureful function (cause they're needed to produce an heir), but true love can only be found with another man -- which, when combining the vivid symbolic display of the utilisation of young girls by nobility, and the general proclivity that so many of the upper class social strata have to perceive things symbolically -- along with the making itt OK to display amorous thoughts for other men (even it it's in the form of toilet humour) -- and also his (I believe) facading of all of his gripes with females over the top of the receptive male characters (in the comedies; else they had tragic endings), he then completely shifted the way that females are perceived. I believe that was done on purpose (because no female can ever live up to behavioural expecations of the symbolic situations he places them in) -- and so is therfore, an extension of himself and his desire. what I mean is, I think the world today is much closer to the world in which shakespere would have wanted to live, than for example the world in which ovid, homer, machiaveli, or terence would have wanted to live.
I'm aware that the world that I present in the play that I write will have dramatic effects on the trajectory of Time, and I didn't want to try and put any of my own (calculated) desires into the play in the same way that shakespere does -- so, for example first I have to come up with a world in which these plays will take place in. for shakespere, the world his plays are set in is this strange fairy-land where real historic events play out in a very grotesque and sexual way. I believe he acquired this skill from marlowe, when for example, in henry-4 (or aeneas in dido), the descriptions given of the war uses words of violence and but is filled with highly sexual images instead.
	```
	I heard thee speak me a speech once, but it was never acted;
	or if it was, not above once; for the play, I remember, pleas'd
	not the million, 'twas caviary to the general; but it was (as I
	receiv'd it, and others, whose judgments in such matters cried in1515
	the top of mine) an excellent play, well digested in the scenes,
	set down with as much modesty as cunning. I remember one said
	there were no sallets in the lines to make the matter savoury,
	nor no matter in the phrase that might indict the author of
	affectation; but call'd it an honest method, as wholesome as1520
	sweet, and by very much more handsome than fine. One speech in't
	I chiefly lov'd. 'Twas AEneas' tale to Dido, and thereabout of it
	especially where he speaks of Priam's slaughter.  
	```
inotherwords, in this alternate universe that these plays take place in (where the gods are king), war can be thought of as a series of sexual interactions, which then play out amongst the people not in fairy-land, with bloody and grotesque consequences. in that passage, (I'm pretty certain) he's talking about stuff like this:
	```
	Inforst a wide breach in that rampierd wall,
	Which thousand battering Rams could neuer pierce,
	And so came in this fatall instrument:
	At whose accursed feete as ouerioyed,
	We banquetted till ouercome with wine,
	Some surfetted, and others soundly slept.
	[...]
	Then he vnlockt the Horse, and suddenly
	From out his entrailes, Neoptolemus
	Setting his speare vpon the ground, leapt forth,
	And after him a thousand Grecians more,
	In whose sterne faces shin'd the quenchles fire,
	That after burnt the pride of Asia.
	[...]
	Yong infants swimming in their parents bloud,
	Headles carkasses piled vp in heapes,
	Virgins halfe dead dragged by their golden haire,
	And with maine force flung on a ring of pikes,
	Old men with swords thrust through their aged sides,
	Kneeling for mercie to a Greekish lad,
	Who with steele Pol-axes dasht out their braines.
	```
so when it comes to building this alternate universe where my play takes place in, I need to build a world which is reflective, not only of myself but also of my present situation. so, I lay down to receive the world: at first I tried putting it into modern times -- but that doesn't work too well and didn't feel right (kinda like a 90's sitcom actually), and neither did I like the way the past felt either. the future felt good, so I went with that... from there, I just receive more and more detailed ideas, until something forms into something that feels like I like it. I prolly went through 30-50 different ideas before I was reminded of "bubble boy" and "biodome" where this idea of a someone being separated from the world, where all the stuff outside is really unwanted (and though the editors of the bible have edited it out, there is very clearly an desirable outer world to the garden of eden).
	a quick word on that: what I believe happens for a lot of visual people, is when they first receive an idea, it creates an image in their mind -- which cause, if the image (is of any quality worth writing down), will have an emotional quality, which means the image will be desirable to look at: we like anything that *moves* us; which means that the creative person will only cycle through about 1-3 images max before beginning on the idea. then, because the emotion that the idea feels bad, is drowned out by the powerful display of the moving image, the idea isn't discarded.
		what I believe that shakespere did, is sorta what I do: I don't believe in getting something right the first time, so I frequently self-sabotage my own creativity in order to get a better idea. I think these plays came to shakespere in a flash (meaning, it's conceptual) -- and when he was looking for the dialogue, he just conjured the characters in his mind, and the literally talked right before his eyes. every time he conjured them, they said the same thing/concept just slightly differently -- so he started to write it down (later), but ask others what they thought of the different situations
			imagine marlow and shakespere, sorta like me and chris sitting down talking: shakespere presents the characters to marlowe, and walks him through the dialogue. marlowe can see everything that shakespere is telling him -- but again, he sees the same conversation playing out a bit differently in his own eyes -- so he gives shakespere some feedback: "what if you had him/her say this" -- and the way that the words were presented by these characters occupied a lot of their time.
		for me personally, I can say that this kind of feedback is invaluable because it causes the image in my mind to be destroyed as it once was, meaning I have to rebuild it. both marlowe and shakespere employ this sort of image destruction all all over the place -- which means they were doing it constantly.
	I know that what shakespere is doing constantly (and why he has such great plays), is he's working from the bottom up: he builds up the environment, and does a number of other peripherie things, before actually beginning on the work (chris also used to do this a lot with me as well, because he would write a lot too, but what he would do is draw a bunch of pictures, make some music, etc.) and that would build up the setting in which the world/story is built/constructed upon. inotherwords, the way to build up these powerful images, is to destroy them a number of times first, each time building up the environment and the setting in non-literary or conceptual ways.
I tried to emulate what I've learned from these great narrators, but the thing is, I don't want to be putting words into the girls mouths,--which means (that if I were shakespere) when it comes to dialogue, I need to come up with an *alternate system* to the present one used in modern social settings: the system needs to feel strange to the ear so that it disguises the intentions or motivations behind the text. for shakespere, the obfuscation of desire is key, which is why he's constantly saying how dishonest romantic words and poesie, R.
	butt again here's the dillema for m5 because I personally am not a dishonest person. I personally want to communicate clearly, and I don't really like the idea of putting words into others mouths, so what I have to do is to come up with a system whereby the characters simply say what they want to say, and I'm not trying to modify the text to fit a political or social agenda.
		I believe that marlow (the now version of him, not necessarily then because he was very secretive) was another such guy, like me (rather, I'm a resonant manifestaion of him in my situation) in this respect: he simply said what the characters said, which means that the characters are all super extreme. they didn't fit the social-conceptual-framework of his time (which is just what things feel what way under what conditions: war is sad and painful, sex is divine, and treachery feels bad, following your selfish desires feels bad, etc.) marlow seems to bypass all of that and break those rules by mixing war and sex, selifishness and treachery, etc. inotherwords: he takes two polarities of the spectrum of emotion in the social-conceptual-framework, and puts them into the same person. for example: here's dido/vulcan, completely at the whim of cupid/mars -- yet at the same time, aeneas/mercury is (oposite of) following prophecy, (opposite of) obeying the gods, (opposite of) following his duty; he's kinda a loser,-- and yet here he gets the most magnificent thing happening to him: the most beautiful woman in the world falls in love with him. he is the dream mercury: the average bloke that, for reasons unknown to why the "gods"/narrators have decided it, gets the most awesome thing happen to him -- and marlowe's cynical sense of humour (cause he too, like me is very perceptive, so he sees all the dirty laundry) takes these magnificent situations, and then just makes it all go wrong. his story is a disaster for mercury, and shakespere knows it. the thing is that most blokes are mercury though, so the grand social programming is not really into the idea of promoting vulcan and killing off speed, (and allowing the mercuries an out by going gay). he's a real problem for a productive and working society (at that time).
		however it should be noted that in today's age (which is why I say we now live in shakespere's desired reality) society can be filled with vulcans, and it's not really a problem for productivity. nowadays, it doesn't require %50%(?) of the workforce to be allocated in food requirements -- which means that it's OK now for there be a darth of dandies.
		the brilliance of shakespere, is that he takes marlow's "political agenda" (it's not really political) and makes it compatible (that is, aligned) with the current social-conceptual-framework, by taking the extremes and essentially hiding them behind a cloud of misbehaviour and other queer activity. the strange way that he had the people talk was also strange at that time too (elizabethans didn't talk like shakespere, I know that -- because that was the gimmick to hide his desires); and so all shakespere did, was find more and more unique ways to hide his desires in plain sight.
	so what it comes to for me, is how to present my world, not as I paint it to be, but simply as a different conceptual translation of a blend of concepts. inotherwords, I don't really figure out how paint the picture the way I want it to be painted, but *kinda* like how bob ross did it: the painting of the picture is knowing the outline of what he's going to make (big tree, stream, whispy clouds, etc.) -- where once he's figured out the structure of the painting, he paints the same picture multiple times -- and each iteration, the tree might go in a different spot, because he felt like putting in a different place. I do a similar thing, where I render the same concept
		he rendered structure, I believe (because imagination is structural), and let concept (or the emotion of the moment) guide it to different spots; concert musicians do this all the time. I do the opposite (which live musicians also do): I render concept, then that concept has a feeling to it, and so after a few a few things that I'm not quite happy with, I start to *think* about it a bit. this destroys the concept, and so when I go back to it, the concept has been reborn, and this time I play it a little bit better, and always kinda/alot different than I did last time.
	butt that cOncept is built upon a structure of desire: I've figured out a lot of shakespere, and so I know what I don't want. I don't really know what I do want yet -- and my style of writing plays hasn't really had a chance to develop yet -- so what I do is want to try out my best derivative of his style (I think that's what shakespere did to marlow). I then take all the things that I dislike about his style and try and incorporate those ideas in a different way: so for example, to make my play dishonest, one of the rules I've built is that none of the characters are able to talk about their emotions. instead, all of the emotional (and desire-related) content is reserved for more intimate and solo times. this is an exact mirror of my life (which is why I write here instead of talking about it to others).
		this is highly dishonest, because that kind of symbolic system in which I'm creating is pretty much (though it's a mirror of my present situation) is a very unwanted environment to live in ("I don't **want** to tell everyone what they're doing); yet, by writing a play, I'm doing exactly that. there's a bit of irony and self-loathing in the idea -- a very good mirror to how many girls are. to get around this dishonesty, I plan to constantly make fun of myself and the desire to tell everyone what they're doing (or how they are). it's my least favourable quality of myself, and I really don't like that I do it so much, in real-life, that is. I narrate people in real-life every time that I think critically about something (which is why thinking critically about someone or some thing is considered bad-behaviour and feels bad in our social-conceptual-framework (SCF)). the problem with my narration, is that in a lot of cases (every time), it becomes reality -- but never as I expected it to. people are often far and *farther* worse/best than I could have imagined them to be (literally every name I've ever dropped in my writings has been worse/best than I narrated them to be), and so I just expect the unexpected to be just that: always way worse and also the **best** thing that could have happened. it never fails, so I'm sorta kinda experimenting at what it'll be to reinterpret poetic-dishonesty from a new perspective, and then have to live out the consequences of my **action**. 
	the other thing I did to mirror my world was to conjure the setting that I'm in in a conceptual way, and then externalise myself out into this world as a number of diffreent characters. what I'm saying is: all of them resonate with my in some way (prolly not in the way you'd expect though). this is a great way in which I can capture the poetic-honesty aspect -- where in a beautiful and nice setting (when everything is just right), I can tell you truly how/who I am, and how I feel.
		I personally don't have this problem(?); I can tell anyone any thing about myself with complete honesty -- just as a response to a question: I'm doing nothing more than an AI chat bot, trying to find the answer to what I'm looking for,--so it's going to be interesting to superimpose others' interpretations of these characters onto myself, and then force all of that into this strange world where I can't just talk about my feelings.
			you know, I was thinking about how difficult it will be to translate some of this dialogue -- because I know what they're saying -- but I don't want to write it. for example, the part where I made the gifts joke -- I didn't want to write it at first -- but honestly, after writing it, it was pretty liberating to put down something like that into text and not feel bad about it. it's just a character saying something, and fits completely into the context which the story is set. (the reason why these girls are all behaving and acting in a symbolic way is because of the city's influence. ana has no memory of how she got there, and doesn't care. they'd all be telepathic and stuff, but they want to talk to each other because they like the way the words sound as they're coming out). the words that one uses conveys emotion in a different way than is presented in actions. that's why I've elected (bad choice of words, because I'm writing this in hindsight figuring out my own cOncept, thereby destroying it) to make most of the play stage directions, and the dialoge is just there to contrast the *only* display of emotion (which is done individually by each actor). this is *not* how I would do things in real-like, let me tell you -- but I find the challenge to be fun, to try and figure out a way to make something that I don't really want to live in, sound good.
			as an explanation for that, which is that I believe that I can find a way to feel good about anything and everythting that I'm putting myself into. you'll noticE too, btw that the surrounding "the city" is all a bit dystopian as well. the whole thing reminds me a bit of cyperpunk 2077 (the vscode theme I used to use), where productivity and speed were feelings I was fond of.
			hey, you know what? I just thought of something: I don't really want to narrate the-city a whole lot -- in fact, not really at all. the thing is, behind the dome is an astral place, so when they projuct their consciousness out there, they are seeing the setting that their imagination renders that concept. for each girl it's slightly different, and so it's basically whatever. for all of them, the outer world is completely uninteresting (which is why they're all there only in the inner world, where it is what they want it to be. it really is another kind of edenistic story: wanted is in the inner world, and the outer is unwanted and undesirable: love really is blind).
		so for me is is a bit strange to try and write out an unwanted world -- but it's what came to me,-- and what I'm going to do is just try and have as much fun with it as I can. the whole thing is a parody on my self and my insecurities. however, as you may have noticed: I work things out by writing about them -- and so that's what I intend to do. though dishonest in every way, my intentions and motivations are the purest. I just put it out there, and then improve on the stuff that doesn't work.
	so really, the thing for me is to just acknowledge that the work is a reflection of myself -- and it'll be pretty bad at first (especially the first iterations), but the point is to not get it all right the first time. no, not that: what I mean is, consider that the way that I've strucured the play allows for maximum diversity in the presentation of the idea: though the girls are named, that is only their character identity. in the play, nobody's character name is ever spoken. they're all summoning the roles that they want; so only the important stage directions to setup the symbol, anyone can be doing anything really. with anyone playing the symbolic role that's summoned, nobody's true identity is actually known by the audience (unless they've seen the script). therefore, each name becomes a bit like an archetype, and the emotion is played out in the action: the play itself will not be symbolic. the things they talk about will be usually pretty mundane things; yet inside of the mundane will be found luxurious and lofty images of this real-world in which they live. in full accord with what I believe shakespere has done, it's a sort of matrix: an alternate world in which things are a bit different than they seem, because of contrived literary rules.
it's basically a social-conceptual-framework 2.0 -- now have fun writing it. I'm done with the idea. I'm going to leave it for now, and let it be destroyed:
all that I am in silvia, I give to thee.

#### 2024-01-17 06:38 - here's the tragedy

you know, that if m/ situation were to change, my story would change -- and se let's say that there was something desirable about my narrative; since the setting which I created is a reflection of me and my situation, neither I or my situation can really change. my situation *always* has to remain compatible with the narrative, or else it always falls apart.
	this is a very common trope in love: one builds up a narrative version of something (music, dress, appearance, behaviour, etc.) and that version, the other person falls in love with, only to find out it's "not good enough" -- and so they desire for the other person to change, butt that change completely makes them incompatible with the narrative version they fell in love with -- so now they hate their own interpretation of someone else's narrative -- and blame the other person for their own self-hatred.
so, what that means is, I essentially have to stay in roughly the same environment in which I create the narrative, for the narrative to remain constant. as I evolve and go to new settings, the narrative universe will change, and it'll be harder and harder to render the characters and the world in the same way.
there is a solution, but I don't see it quite yet -- which is why I'm just going to give up on the idea for now. I can't remain stagnant like that, and at the same time produce a world expanding narrative. it's a self-defeating idea: kinda like the more I love myself, the more someone will come in and try to get me to love them, more than I love me; making me no longer love myself (and also hate them, until I realise that everything is always my fault).

#### 2024-01-17 06:56 - this is a good example

```
And with maine force, flung onto a ring of pikes:
Aged women with swords thrust through their aged
sides; Kneeling for mercie to a Greekish lad,
Who with steele Pol-axes dasht out Dians braines.
I then buckled mine armour, drew out my sword,
thinking to goe downe: When with ashie visage,
Blewish, suphulcure eyes, and her breast ---
Furrowd with wounds: all of which made me weepe.
Thongs at her heeles, by which Achilles horse
Drew her in triumph through the Grecian Campe,
Burst 4th from the earth, crying, Æneas flye:
Troy is a fire, and the Grecians haue the towne.
```

### 2024-01-21 12:53 - princess and the players (unfiltered thoughts)

I just finished watching the (TSF) live-action version of the play, and it really helped me to see the play as something built for kids. I first watched the reading of the play, and so I had a very different idea of the play entirely, cause my imagination plays the "images" a little bit differently in my mind when there are only words. I'd like to talk about that. so, as I mentioned previously, the inspiration for the verdan-forest idea came after watching the interview before the reading -- which was even less visual, and only with a description of the play ("about a princess that is very selfish, and the players teach her not to be selfish") and knowledge that you had some reservations on some of the scenes ("you just have to let it be the artwork that it is, and not try and change it").
unfortunately I watched the first 10m of the live version before the reading, so I saw the princess quite upset about the fool pie-pan not *being there for her* when she *needs him to be there*. then, as you probably know, I tend to try and identify with every character that I see in the play (I think all kids do that (or at least I did), but I don't know if adults do that); so I tried to see myself as the princess -- and in this case I'm kinda glad I'd seen the little bit of the live version because I am very selfish, and can relate to the pricess in the reading version -- however, the main diffrence between me and the princess is that I don't *need* others to *be there for me* -- and neither do I try and keep other people (friends or not) from having something happen to them which would "make them happy". I struggled a lot with the identity of the princess in my thought process and she made me reanalisise what is selfishness -- because I'm *very* selfish, and quite proud. unfortunately, I conflated the princess with augustina (the "ideal" verson of the princess)
	for example when augustina only tells edgar that she's a good swordperson, but then later when there's a lot of *risk* and a lot *at stake*, then all of a sudden she starts doubting herself... I really didn't like this part of the play because from my perspective (as augustina), I simply don't doubt myself like that, and I definitely wouldn't say lines like "that makes one of us" after edgar believes in her. I don't need others to believe in me, and I find that kind of behaviour detestable. if I *know* I'm a good swordsperson, then I know I am, and I don't doubt it. I also don't doubt my performance of things that I know I'm good at -- so augustina is definitely a person that needs someone else to believe in her, and wants to get someone else's approval, which is a really unfortunate part of the play because from my perspective, she alraedy knows she's good at it, so all she can do is to try her best -- and doubting herself is the first way to screw that up. she just needs to get out, relax and try her hardest. also, it's weird that the princess is in the *active/action* role, and not in the passive role, where she should be. if she really were like me, she wouldn't do much other than just use king hektor's efforts against him. her swordfighting would all be reactionary, as she wouldn't be the aggressor -- so I'd probably setup the challenge a bit differently as well, so augustina (the ideal version of the princess) can be passive and reactive, instead of pushed into an emmisive position by a less-than-her future king.
so when I was watching augustina, I was thinking that augustina *is* the princess, and not her ideal version. no matter though, because I can't really identify with either the princess or augustina. in my thought process, I recognise the princess as clearly an emitter (no receptivity to her at all, cept after the transformation of the play and seeing augustina in the woods) -- and I do know of a few emitters like that. I have two brothers that fit her description in certain aspects. for example, I am essentially jaron's fool, or at least he wants me to be that way. he wants dinner when he's ready for it (neither before or after), and all things to essentially work at his command. greg is also like the princess in that he has difficulty allowing others to have better things than he has -- and in some cases actively tries to prevent others having good things. in addition to my brothers, I would like to conjure the identity I've called "nosebook" which is the epitome of the princess in behaviour (before her transformation): they *do not* like others to have good things, and just as an example I'm pretty sure that it's actually cheaper and significantly easier for them to control everyone else just by giving them my form of perception -- but because they don't want others to have good things, they're highly invested in giving everyone else a reduced quality experience. they probably make up the cost and effort it takes to reduce the quality of my experience for the majority, by selling my unaltered experience at quite a high price (yes that's right all the basic users cost them extra and the power users are the least cost for them, which they probably sell for the most). therefore, I concluded that the princess *must* be nosebook, or someone like that, and not myself in any way.
I don't really identify with edgar because he's too lost and unsure of himself -- and also I'm a bit of a slow learner, so I highly doubt that I could learn to swordfight in under two weeks. since the swordfight is anual, I would wait a few years obviously, until I feel confident in it -- and once I feel confident in my swordfighting, I would behave a lot more differently than him as well. he too needs affirmation (body lotion) and someone to believe in him -- and also a *bail out* when he's injured. his personsonality type isn't at all like mine, and what he reminds me of, actually is the execs present at nosebook as well. they're all very unconfident types that have this enormous aire of confidence, which is all image, marketing, and technology. they know that below the outer facade, that they're not really all that they pretend to be. so, in a lot of ways, edgar and augustina match each other quite well.
however, the character that I do identify with, actually, is with william, because he decides that he needs to write a narrative in order to "teach the princess a lesson" (purposefully misquoted); which is what I'd done exactly prior to watching this play with the verdan-forest idea. I modeled the entire thing on myself (the princess, before I knew her behaviour), and I set the scene in a location that precisely matches the same thing: here's ana, and she's washed ashore (finds herself inside the dome), and then takes a trip through the forest to get to know herself (all of the girls are descendants of her, and so they all represent different aspects of herself under the influence of the-city, because they're all telepathic, so why are they talking and interacting only symbolically, and constantly traslating their reactions into words, by describing what they think about everyone else's actions). I performed the very work of william before even watching the play.
	after watching the reading, I thought a lot about this, because I didn't write the verdan-forest at all as a sort "lesson in to teach them how to share" -- and actually, my intentions were quite the opposite: for me, writing a narrative and telling others what to do and how to say things, is completely loathsome to me (especially to girls) -- so what I did, because I wanted to see if I could write a narrative where the princess is taught the opposite: how to be *selfish* -- and how to value herself and her own opion of herself above all others. I want to see in the narrative a powerful female, that doesn't need the approval of others to feel good about herself, and just wants to have fun (ana). I didn't begin to write it, to teach anyone a lesson, but instead to kind of export myself outward into (above all things), an all-female cast and just give an example of what selfishness really looks like.
after watching the reading, I considered that what I did is take the concept of your play and redress it with my own personality. this is how concepts work, btw: they're just a feeling that someone else emits, which then I translate (through my form of perception) into something symbolic/meaningful *to me*. this is what we do all of the time during conversation, and why plays are so interesting, because a simple like like "could you help me with that" could be played by the actor in a lustful way, with terrible rage, or a mischevious way -- and that is what the viewer sees: the action (and the emotion conveyed though the action), and not the verbage (word actions).
therefore, the concept embedded in this play must be located within what what I wrote, so I considered that the augustina is symbolic of the girls in the dome, and the players (incuding willial) are the ones in the city that are constantly narrating and influencing these girls into action (giving them stage directions, much like they do to me, jaron, or mom: flinching muscles, making us cough, making noises, etc.) they seem to be trying to "teach me a lesson": how to behave in a way that doesn't cause them to have a negative reaction. in a sense, I'm like a wild horse, and they're trying to "break me" so that I follow their stage directions without difficulty.
	this simile, unfortunately doesn't work out too well in the play's implementation, however the concept is definitely there, because the idea of putting on a play to affect behaviour is exactly what hollywood does all of the time, *and* (though I don't know for certain), I imagine it's also what nosebook is doing: I'm fairly certain that they downplay, and probably outright change the way certain actions play out, in order to fit the narrative that they have going about me. I do not at all imagine that willial and the players are going to be narrating the girls in order to make an *example* for dwellers of the-city to follow, like how hollywood does right now. that idea of putting on a play to affect the behaviour of someone else, using titles like "friend" and things like that is definitely more of a hollywood thing, but you will notice how I translated that concept into the dialogue section, where the girls are constantly invoking the titles of the actions they want the other girls to perform.
		this part of the dialogue was developed *on purpose* by me because I want each girl actor to play the description of that title any way that they want to, conforming only to the stage directions -- because that's what *I do* all the time (with nosebook/saturn giving the stage directions). knowing that many girls will join me in the future, I wish to convey the idea that if I don't resonate with the description, I don't perform the stage directions, and when I do resonate with the description, I perform the stage directions the way *I want to perform them*, because anything other than that would be increasing resistance (a cOnstant struggle for the girls -- because even though none of them die, the more resistant ones age, and the less resistant ones seem to get younger and are more fun to be around). therefore, in a sense, the-city is not actually causing us too much harm by narrating which descriptions we're to invoke, but it turns out that for the girls, it's more fun to act out a crabby invocation with delight and humour, than it is to scold the woman for trying to narrate such a thing (the girl that doesn't want to tell everyone else what they're doing has the biggest problem with that realisation, which she makes because she's so observant of the other girls and thoughtful about their results).
wow, that's a lot to think about... I think I'm gonna leave it here. I'm done richarding myself for now.

#### 2024-01-21 15:03 - the description and the stage directions

to me, it's impossible to know what the description exactly is: I don't know if it's a name they call me (like "la rubia" when I was in spain, which consequently is the appearance of kenny in their pyramus and thisbe sketch), or if it's the symbol thatt they use to describe me when they're manipulating things in the saturnian-system. I say "resonates with me" (gustar: likes to me), as a way of describing how the description *feels* to me. also, their mood when describing me has an effect as well, and I feel that in the stage direction too; cause say they're trying to get me into a place where I'm easily controlled, no matter how pleasurable the stage directions could possibly be in action, I don't feel the action of the stage direction; instead I feel **them** (ie, the desire that the concept their symbol is built on): that desire is something like their "intention" and has been why I've been so unwilling to perform so many of their stage directions -- or why other stage directions, happen as a reflection of the feeling/concept they had when making them (good examples of this can be found in the field when I'm reflecting their anger back to them, instead of following directions). therefore, their stage direction, often follows both their description of me, and their desire/intention for giving the stage direction. I don't care much nowadays about following their directions, and have become much more ana-like.
	however, I don't actually have the ability to go and create like ana does -- yet -- because that will only happen after they've completely given up on trying to control me, and have resorted to stick me in a dome, where I'm now quite a distance from them.
