# flat-earth-idea

### 2024-02-07 10:37 - initial sketch

imagine the earth with its north pole (the one with a big hole in it) pointed directly at the sun: the equator of the earth will start to emit tremendous amounts of energy. a ring can then be placed around the equator which will capture a significant amount of this energy and reflect it inwards (the ring is a band with thickness, so inside that thickness is) to where the molten rock is spewing out of this ring (explanation below). from there the lava will get directed down a system of tubes which will be configurable to get the rock moving a defined direction, because the magnetic alitnments will all have the pattern of the travel they made through the tubes. when the lava finally arrives to the end of its travels, it bubbles into these massive infinitely rising platforms of rock, ever widening the disk. the rock coming out of the equators will have the pattern of the tubes in them, which will give this area an interesting "feel" cause of its geology. since the whole disk is laid out with these pen-rose tubes, it is guaranteed that no place of land will feel like another. all land in the most inner will feel the most primitove (mono-tonal), and the farthest out on the ring (all the new development) will have the most complex and intricate feel to it. the farthest out reaches (where the rock has cooled enough, and there's enough atmosphere) is where all of the best stuff is. that's where there would be constant wars and stuff, if there were to be such a thing. the disk grows infinitely outward, expanding itself. the top and bottom plates are not likely to be physically connected (but might likely share some lava (depending on how much cross-interaction is desirable)), because that would include a whole system of routing lava to far away places.
	I have two cool pictures in my head regarding this: one is this giant machine + rock looking thing where from time to time, the tubes shift and lots of rock breaks apart and resolidifies with time. the other one is like this system of using radio frequencies to move materials around, and there are precise tubes which the rocks moves through (but never touches) -- completely sterile installation (I'd prolly do the second one, but the first one looks cool -- like more hollywood-esque imaged).
anway,the grid which the tubes ard laid out upon will be these "pen-rose" grid. imagine these shapes as the removal of two verticies of a pentagram (such that they have (5?) edges -- I can't remember how to make them atm -- but there are three of these styles of tiles, pick two (ie 3 directions) and then there are specific rules to how they get placed out -- and the tiles lay outt infinitely). what the goal of this project is, is to turn really high frequencies into diversity; so, imagine that the higher the frequency, the farther out on this pen-rose grid it goes. the direction that it goes (cause there are 3 grids), determins tthe edge of the equilateral triangle that the energy is passing through. imagine the infinite set of directions on the plane that one can travel going at faster and faster speeds/frequencies. therefore, the farthest out stuff is actually the richest and most intricate of them all: it's a city, where the centre is always the worst part.
	you know frank chester would always talk about this in his demonstration of twe circles where they're in hexagonal shaped position (best circle packing), but then he turns it like 15(degrees) or so, and all of the circles now want to have space around them, because they "go to the peripherie" -- and that one demonstration always stuck with me, because sometimes optimum circle packing isn't always what's wanted. brb

### 2024-02-18 12:39 - charactor actor and reflector

the way I envision the idea is that, intiially the north pole of the earth will be pointed at the sun, and so the northern hemisphere will become the 2-4-6 side (plus 8,9,10,11). the opposite side will become only-attraction. so, over a period of time, all stars and the rest of the universe will go over to the 2nd ray side, because they'll be highly repulsed by the only-attraction side (as an example, just think about how repulsive most of my writings are to so many astral/4d people). they want to live in a *symbolic* universe, where things behave according to a set of defined rules, and not have attraction/perception be the thing that runs everything. I get it, because an only-attraction game wouldn't be very fun, unless the game had infinite diversity (hard/difficult/impossible to achieve in a game), so I envision that for a very long time (millions of years?) we'll have no stars in the sky (not even the one up there now).
eventually, we'll start to have stars on our side, but they won't function the same as the main-sequence-stars do: instead, they're going to be more like centre/foils in that they're only outputting in responce tto what they're receiveing -- and also the direction of the light will go *towards* the star, and not away: I am the light that they want to see from me. in fact, all of us (including the ground that we're standing on) will be illuminated in this way (the same way that mars can see in the dark): I attract the light from the atom/molecule that I want to see -- and no, it's not really going to be a problem that we don't have any stars. our sky will be like the living-blackness, where we'll be able to see whatever we want to see there. many of us will build upwards, and some downwards to get more of the third aspect. we are the charactor.
below us (ie, the northern hemisphere) will be an astral system of magnificent splendour. I don't need to build this system, as it'll happen automatically as a reflection of the rest of the universe. that system will be like a giant brain: a 2nd ray system where all of the stars in the universe will each represent a symbolically/conceptually emissive thing, of which the 2nd ray system will be a reflection of (just like we are here on earth right now). in fact, for most people, they won't even notice a difference: the way the earth functions will be exactly the same: earth will appear spherical, and the rest of the universe will be out there (though some of the stars/galaxies may have changed their positions) and just like the ancients noticed, the constellations in the sky *are* a reflection of the human psyche. for most people, everything on earth will appear exactly how it is right now.
	most have not yet fiured out that the reason why astrology and astrotheology works, is because we (and all inhabitants of earth) are a reflection of the sky (the inner is like the outer and the outer like the inner). so, if someone were to suddenly start to make a big splash and really disrupt things here on earth, the planets, stars, and galaxies will have to reflect the person that is making a big splash -- which is kinda cataclysmic.
the northern hemisphere will then become the symbolic reflector (kinda like enki (+-3-+) or venus (-3)) to the rest of the universe, which is now the actor/ground.

#### 2024-02-18 21:02 - the emitter

I noticed that the system I described is the same as it is now in the earth: anatau as the charactor, aphrodite as the reflector, and the universe as the actor. [as I was writing that, I noticed that it's possible that the "earth" is not actually the earth, but that it could easily be the second earth. the idea here being that the second earth is the "new earth" from 1kya -- the year of our lord -- and the real earth is in some other state that we have no knowledge about]. the interesting thing about this is that the "emitter/charactor" is not actually emissive at all, but is actually reflective and attractive. this turns the whole triad thing upside down. if you were to imagine one triagle, there are two emitters on the bottom, and a reflector at the top (like a pyramid). in the opposite arrangement, there is one emitter at the bottom, and two reflectors at the top. in this arrangement, the characor and reflector are both reflectors, but the emitter is the actor.
	(21:11) when I say "emitter", I mean someone or something that emits just cause: this is the way it is:-- and they blast it out there, like a gas giant does. the solar system is also emits, but that's going to be all of the structure that didn't fit into something ideal. for a star (cause she's reflective), her ideals keep collecting up based on those around her. everything relates in more and more ways -- and if these two could just get together, it would produce more. so she keeps those ideas in her head (the ever increasing stellar mass) of all of the wonderful things that could happen in the solar system to make more. all the stuff that doesn't fit into those ideal reality eventually makes it out as (some kind of element I don't know how to describe: it has defined spectral emission lines, and isn't broad-spectrum; only defined elements I guess) elements like iron and stuff. those can be seen as last resort output from the star: it couldn't turn it into an ideal (temporal) structure (found in the layers of hydrogen), so it comes out instead as a physical atom.
		(21:34) the hydrogen structures can be thought of like a computer. each of them resonate so well with one another, they stick together very tightly. the tighter each cOncept or thought vibrates with another, the higher density those ideas have with each other. it can be queried vibrationally -- and usually most people get only to vibrational speeds capable of perceiving the really ideal (very dense) ideas is in a sort of conditinally induced state (drugs, sex, music, dancing, etc). therefore, they're usually not accessible in normal states of consciousness. normally, we only access the outer layers of the sun in our most ecstatic states, and most of us only see the moon's astral system, and under some conditions, go fast enough to see the spectral. the computer runs a bit differently, in that you give it a signal and it responds with a signal. that's essentially how the "soul" (in the heart) is tuned to since first breath, or the consciousness signal received in the middle of the brain is tuned to, as well. give it a question, and it'll respond. most of us are unable to hear the high-frequency response though, and just get lower portions of the the signal in the form of astral sensations and visions. the full response is a complete 2nd ray "knowing" of what it is, but we only perceive that signal in very low resolution.
	so when I'm saying emitter, I'm referring to both the traditional emitter (like mercury/jupiter) and the actor emitter (like saturn/osiris). what I mean is the direction of the light goes out of them, more than it comes to them. the centre of the earth is not an emitter, because the light only comes to the star, and sometimes responds with an emission of light (like a reflector or any io device). I like to think of the emitter as a headlight/desklamp or gold (it emits specific spectral lines that have a a certain quality) -- and the actor as fool's gold or the LED lamp: it imitates another spectral line, but (especially in the case of gold, the fool's gold) might have the same color appearance, but does not emit the high frequencies of the material it's trying to emulate. a reflector is like a computer: you give it some kind of input (push a buttor or move the mouse) and it gives back a structured or symbolic response to its input.
	it's actually easier to see the way that I mean reflector with me as an example, because *everything* that I do is a response to something else. I write these things because there's an idea that popped into my head,-- so I give it a think and then write it. if I receive physical input then I respond with physical output. (for example, in spain people would touch me more, so I touched others more. normally, I don't touch unless I'm touched). then emotionally, if someone inputs emotion into me, then I emit back (sometimes) emotion back,-- or my own symbolic brain will say, "no you have to do something about the way *you* feel", and tell me to turn that feeling into action.
	both the foil and the centre are both reflectors, the foil having the capacity of the actor: to emulate someone else or to construct an artificial emission spectrum. a foil is not a good reflector at all, because the foil can respond with quite a different output than received (turn the other cheek). the centre has all of the qualities of the charactor (the high frequency emission spectrum, beyond just tthe visible) and wants everyone else to be like he is: in physical terms, we can think of the medium as anything from this text, to air, or any other vibrational medium where vibrations eventually become alike given enough time in the same medium. the chaactor also wants everyone else to become like him and vibrate like he does.
the centre of the earth, is clearly a centre, as it contains the highest frequency and highest density of all things. that means that within the 2nd ray medium (provided by the stars, which are reflectors), the whole universe is slowly becoming a reflection of the most ideal concept in the universe: the univverse itself.
making the centre of the earth now spread out that extremely high frequency concept out into a disk, instead of resonating spheres is merely a matter of symantics: an extra dimension. the earth remains (more or less) in the same configuratoin it is now: anatau (charactor) in the centre, aphrodite (reflector) on the crust, vulcan (actor) as both the space between the crust and the centre, and also the space between the crust and the outer (outside-in) shell of the universe. vulcan remains in the same outside-in spot externally, but in the inside of the earth, he now spreads himself outward into a disk.

### 2024-02-24 02:34 - delaying the inevitale with infinity

here's the thing: I'm going to become infinite at some point. I'll continue to go faster and faster, which is kinda a problem. the thing that I want to do, is to make it so that I'm receptive and successfully centering or foiling everything I receive. so, although I'm just one plant out on the pen-rose or the centre of it all, the way to do that is to make myself a reflection of every plant. all of the stuff they experience, I also experience -- and so because there are 3, a plane is made, which means my structures of how to deal with those extra 3 vectors, I have to go per-pen-dick-ular to them (adding another dimension) -- meaning my stuctures of definition of what those frequencies are (*every* possible one on the pen-rose) have to be built upwards (towers toward the sky), or downwards (like a grave or sephulcure). it's an interesting problem which will take forever to solve (ie, build a hologram in the perpendicular vector which accurately describes *all* pen-rose sequences). according to me, and my own suppositions about the limitations of symbolic systems, I assure you it's *not possible* to build a symbolic hologram which describes infinity in motion, in infinitely different ways.
	OK, sure, I can write "infinity" and describe it right there, but show me a program that actually makes sense of that, and turns it into some thing. I'm talking about the symbolic program (not an AI) which produces a reality out of infinity. that's an entirely different thing, than the imagination-inducing word "infinity". sure it's possible to describe some things -- especially the scientific stuff, but to describe the infinite diversity in culture and language is, sorta the worst nightmare for someone trying to use a symbolic system to control -- because diversity means (for each one) infinite more new *conditions* to account for. [a way to look at this would be something like an RPG where just after the first moment of the system, there are 10 caracter values: agi,str,int,etc -- and a second into it, the number of character values has increased to millions times that. each new character adds an exponentially more definitions to keep track of -- impossible, I say; for to be able to accomplish it, I'd have to surpass source in capability, which is impossible without breaking the laws of attraction. it's an endlessly advansing ideal which can never be fully realised] so, it's kinda funny to think that I'm going to take on thier worst nightmare, cause I think it's fun to infinitily come up with (bring into phsical/symbolic) new ways to describe the unseen/conceptual world. it may be unseen (by me), but it's very real. I have a feeling, I'm going to figure it out, first by emulating the conceptual world, using a symbolic system, and then use a conceptual system (emulated in symbolic) to produce a symbolic system.
	so, for me, I get an interesting challenge [notice already there are 3 things there: the conceptual system which builds the symbolic system, the symbolic system it builds, and the symbolic system the whole thing runs on. there's one clue] and for them, they get absolved of their worst nightmare and get to run an astral super system and are put in charge of the universe as they know it; and we're the ultra ideal, very slowly advancing toward infinity, reflection of them (from thier perspective a linear change in frequency over time: very manageable)

### new earth first
### 666 days year
