# gregorio-greenthump

before I get to talking about the ultimate ideal, I wanted to talk about some things...

### 2024-01-30 16:57 - children, and the symbolic system

I mentioned today when talking to greg, that children are still using their concEptual side of their m+nd, and the utilisation of the symbolic system is why they become adults. cupid is a great example of this -- and although he is a "fictional" archetype created by playrights, it is a real thing: a child grows up and gains definition as they begin to interpret their world through the symbolic system -- at least that's how it was for me, anyway. my main difficulty when growing up, is that the symbolic system isn't constant at all. they expect people to be constant, but reaction to the conditions/action isn't always the same. in a physical system, the way a material reacts to another material is pretty well defined and it just wworkes. material and matter as properties are defined; and they are well-behaved under "normal" conditions (high pressure or heat/vibration creates anamalies). when that material is struck in some way, it exhibits a reaction -- and that reaction is pretty constant. however, in social systems, the reaction is not well-ddefined and is definitely not constant. like, if I go 5mph over the speed *limit*, I don't automatically get a ticket. it hasn't been technically possible for that kind of symbolic system to exist, and I'm a strong proponent of it -- because then there's a rigid system of rules (like the physical plane has for atoms and stuff), where people can easily become "well-behaved" -- cause there's no way to avoid the punishment/reaction; the reaction is always the same,-- like a computer. anyway, what happens is, as we're growing up, we want society to behave like a computer (I did anyway), cause if I could just know what actions get what reactions, then I can be well-behaved and get what I want.
the problem is, that society doesn't really *wantt* to have a well-behaved penal system -- and for the majority of them, it's their greatest *fear*: to have every action they perform reacted to instantly and be penalised for it. in fact, for many having to live in that kind of circumstances, is something worse than living in hell. these bozos are wrecking it for everyone else that wants to be constant. I want to be constant myself, but I simply cannot be, because these guys want a flexable system where they ccan get around the rules, and bend the *rules* to their desire, instead of bending their *desire* to the rules.
	the thing that makes me so much more different from these bozos (we're a lot alike) -- is that I don't have to have my desire this defined/specific way, right now (or any other pre-defined time). I just allow my desire to fit into whatever physical mould is around. I don't even really have a desire in a physical sense, because I don't much care about what I want *to happen*; though, I have various preferences about what I don't want to happen. I'm highly pessimistic about outcomes and people's (especially the unconstant ones (which is everyone to a degree)) ability to perform the action well.
	pure-desire (which is the direction I'm going) becomes so ideal that it's basically assured not to work at all, ever. like, I believe I can live in a world where every single thing I do/think/feel is reacted to, but that's me. NOBODY wants to live in the world I do: but that's obviously wrong. they want to live in one of those hand-wavy symbolic worlds where favours are what get you somewhere. they like the idea of being able to appeal to a person to get better conditions. NOBODY wants to be constantly reacted to, analysed, scrutinised, etc.: which is also obviously wrong. they want to live in a world where they can hide their behaviour and not have to live according to the code. they can do "illegal" and "taboo" things, because there's a way to get around the code.
I'm personally all-for such a system, where it's well-defined what someone can and cannot do: as long as I abide by those rules, I can do whatever I want. it's also kinda like a game: unless there are cheatcodes or some way to use/display the information received from the server in a way which isn't the native game interface, then everything the world allows a person to do, is fair game. the reality server becomes just a api: some people will use the vanilla client; some chocolate client; some people will design their own, etc.
