# hamlet

### 2023-10-20 04:17 - the tragic woman

I noticed that the centre of hamlet's grief is that he's heartbroken over his mom's *disloyalty*, and this was common for XX women back in the time, because she's just mirroring claudio instead of his father now. hamlet is all bent out of shape because he's tied up in this mutual-back-scratching thing where you can *only* scrath the backs of non-enemies. this, was a common trope amongst the aryan warriers, because they would constantly see these XX women turn to whomever the next invader is.
    these not yet narrated women were all mirrors, and it's kind of like a survival technique, cause the ones that resisted didn't last too long.
    later then, whatt happened is that shakespere, what (I think) he did, is narratively killed off these reflective women in the tragedies, and narrated them to be more like the comedies. shakespere wasn't the first, as this has been happening since the greeks came, and I believe that writing plays about these reflective women, they attracted theirselves and fell "down" out of their prehistoric dream world and into the physical earth. these play-rights have been trying to get rid of the reflective women, cause I don't think they like reflective. I think for them this is all about behavioural modification, and the goal is to essentially narrate these pleasure objects (females and males) in a predictable way.
it's easy to see that the problem created it'self. the poets wrote about the reflective women, the warriors found them, and then in order to keep them, they narrated them, so they would be *loyal* (and submissive) to their husbands. it's absolutuly crazy tto me how many documents, seem to be dedicated to teaching women how to behave. these reflective women were probably a real problem, especially for the bad-guys -- cause then she steals, cheats, and lies, just as much as he does. better are the narrated ones, espetislly if you're the king. I think the best bloodlines have the most well-narrated women, of them all.
    my personal opinion on this is the same thing that I say to everyone else: narration isn't very helpful; what's helpful is atrraction. it's impossible to be able to narrate *everything*, and there are a lot of things that slip through the cracks. as a highly reflective person myself, I've learned that it's all mental, in the way that I see it. if I see someone as evil, then that's what I expect from them, and if I see them as good, then *that* is what I expect. therefore, then it moves into the realm now of image: how do I *appear* to other people, and the symbols transfer from narration into fashion: these symbols *mean* something in the general opinion, and so by appearance, I can *buy* a symbol for myself, and just like that I'm on a narratively different path. I've switched characters in the cloud of narrative expection, just by changing my appearance. theatre and fashion are strongly related, so it's a huge moneymaker. just follow the money, and the origins of the expectations become apparent. choose attraction, and attract your own identtity, by being it -- that's what I recommend :)
wow that got dreary fast... (brb coffee 04:48)

### 2023-10-20 04:54 - but I was next

hamlet is also really pissed off that this guy skipped queue and jumped into the throne before hamlet could. lol, he's so adult.

### 2023-10-20 04:58 - I don't want a new dad

hamlett's like this guy is already treating me like a kid: I shall stay with them and they become my new parents, and I liked my old dad (but he's dead! waaaaaa!)

### 2023-10-20 05:06 - prepped to see his father in his mind's eye

horatio is prepping hamlet to begin to conjure a 3d image in space of his father, to tell him what he desires: motive to get rid of his father.
    this is a common activation of the pineal. it happened to me all the time as a kid where I'd conjure my fears into 3d space. I imagine if I had've been prepped like this to see something I desired or feared, I prolly would have been the same as hamlet. luckily though I lost my pinecone so that didn't become a problem. it took me a long time to get a semi-stable mind where I don't imagine my fear in full 3d manifestation yet. I'm extremely thankful for the loss of my "mind's eye" (where hamlet is going to interact with his father), but the image and the voice, intonation and all of that are going to be of his fears and desires. he desires to get rid of claudio, but he can't figure out any other way than to kill him. he's in the way, and has to go. I'm like that too, and it's gotten me into trouble a few times in alcoholic aggression. in fact, this type of behaviour that hamlet is exhibiting, is one of a drunkard. not only is his mind's eye fooling him into these crazy actions, and not on the idea of trying to just get along with claudio. like what's the big deal dude, just find a way to like him.
by desiring to (no matter what way he tricks himself into it) kill claudio, he kills himself. all judgement outward is reflected on myself. there's no real way to avoid it, and so it's a comedy because emo hamlet is causing all of his own problems, and he's bringing a bunch of others into it. again, I'm kinda like that too. I manage to have this effect of dragging more and more people along with me, whereever I go.
    quick commentary on that: I drag everyone into my problems because I don't have a pinecone. if I had a pinecone, I'm not actually sure what would happen. oh, I'd probably just be a regular joe/jane. that's all. the difference between me/planets and the pineconed ones (insects), is that they only manifest their desires into their mind's eye, but we (plants), manifest our desires into physical reality. we're sort of earth like people (much like the people of africa). the thing is that it takes a bit for it to appear in (physical) reality, whereas in the mind'seye, it's instant. I personally *like* having that kind of delay there, as it gives me time to prepare emotionally for it to arrive. the further away from how I feel to any point in time I desire to get to (the one with the most change), I'm just desire actuating in 3d: max-change.

### 2023-10-20 06:05 - manifestation of imagination

this entire play can only be understood from the perspective of mars: that is, out of his own eyes. for some people they only manifest their imagination into their mind'seye, but for people like me, and apparently tesla as well (and I believe mars as well). the thing is that after realising that the imagination can be interacted with, as if it were a real object (floating/sitting) there in 3d space. tesla (who had a mind'seye) said that he could see his motors in space. well, inanimant objects are the first step, but soon entire creationn, which talk move, and have a seeming physical form, but they're just images. later on, when those objects are believed to be real, they can be pulled into 3d reality.
    I've been known to do this. it's kindof a problem, actually, because these are like real living beings and stuff, so it's really good I don't have a minds'eye, know what I m5an?
this poor guy hamlet is a prince of denmark who were (probably) one of the bloodlines that this spectacular imaging capability: to project their mind out into the world, and have it become living, (sentient) matter; the stuff of the mind.

### 2023-10-20 06:23 - keep secret that you have seen my manifested imagination

lol. this is all having a good laugh at how we (people like me and hamlet and claudio) are, is we manifest our imagination into reality. I feel the most resonance with claudio, but I can tell you that all of tuenti was just that. I'm of the opinion that zaryn is one of these types of manifestations, but I didn't share it with my horacio, only; I share it with the world.
    for me, I didn't realise that I was doing it so much, and honestly only really started to put it all together, only recently -- realising I'm literally *only fighting myself*.
what hamlet has done, is just got his own suspitions and fears to manifest itself into reality, cause of strong emotion. this entire thing is his own creation, and he knows it's a bum one, so he's got to tell everyone it's a secret, right?
    I personally, strongly disagree with this one. for example, I wish I could have told her how I desired her to look. the ability to manifest my imagination into her reality was strong. she saw it, but I didn't (cause no mind'seye), and so I think she also saw me the way she desired to see me (or something, I'm not quite sure). at any rate, communication is absolutely important, because we don't all see the same way. I'm inside-out, which means I see through my eyes, or radially outward like the sun. an outiside-in person is looking at theirself, so they're constantly judging theirself, and constantly judging the world the same.
    I have to say that a lot of the irony of this play is that hamlet is clearly an inside-out type. the difference is that for the audience of the play which is outside-in, the manifstation of his mind'seye into reality isn't at all obvious, and so they just automatically believe that the ghost is right, and that cladio is a scandalous kniving guy -- when claudio, I bet is reflective, like me. hamlet's mom dives for him because she likes seeing herself. this is one of the narraative ironies, because unless she's been narrated to be a whore, by his father, or she's reflective of claudio, either way, she's super attracted to him. he probably didn't murder his father -- unless she wanted him too, which would be his or his fathers' narration of women they're with.
if he would just communicate a little more, the whole thing would be avoided, but hamlet is so obsessed that he's *right*, that he's got to prove himself. I/we are all like that; cladio included. cladio came in at just the perfect time, to prove everyone right about their narratives. I know his pain. if claudio is a guy like me, think of the tragedy of someone beliving their own nonsense, so much that it took a guy like me/claudio down. (haven't seen the rest of the play yet, but) I anticipate that he probably has some bad qualities of his own, which he's seeing in hamlet, who's mirroring him, cause he's so obsessed with him.
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    I have to be careful with this, because if I focus on a person for a long period of time, they, in a certain sense, because a reflection of my imaginational desire for how they will appear/act/etc, and if that's incompatible with them, they start to doubt theirselves that they could actually be as *good* as I see them to be, which means they spin out of control in their own self-disbelief.
    I'm highly destructive to those that feel any amount of self-loathing. I'm a person that likes myself, and unfortunately if they cannot also do that, they're in for a bit of a rough ride, because I'll also be manifesting these things which will either allow them to become self-liking, like me, or eventually go/do somewhere/something else. it's highly unfortunate for the other person, I'm aware. I'm sorry you guys manifest your biggest fears all the time. I can't help what anyone else is attracting. they're all *literally(as in hamlet)* telling/interacting themselfs what they want to experience. hamlet appears to be the same.
    I thank my lucky stars that I had my pinecone removed before I was 33 like that because, otherwise it would have been bad. I believe altmost anything, and I had all kinds of crazy conspiracy theories that I believed at earlier points of time in my life. if they manifested into my mind, and not into reality, they would have been pretty devastating. I would have been hamlet here, if I didn't get my minds'eye removed.
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    I have to also admit that there have been people that I've associated with which didn't believe in theirselves, like I do, and so I was see'ng and believeing the person I wanted to see. they were so convinced that they're not able to be that awsome/good/honest, that the difference between how we saw both saw these associates, manifest the difference to prove one of us *right*. cause we gatta be *right* about how the world works: the best simulation of it all. we all live our own simulations, and somehow reality allows us to share interactions. in the end, hamlet is very weak because he doesn't know his own character. he's living out his own simulation, and it's such a bad one, it's kinda painful/tragic to watch. ultimately it's the graphic descriptions which consistently distract me from how awful he thinks of himself.

### 2023-10-20 07:15 - so here's why it's funny

I believe that they didn't have sound systems back then, so all of the actors were able to project their mind'svoice out into the theatre., and all could hear it. this means that there were sometimes inside-out (tops) playing hamlet, and sometimes outiside-in (bottoms) playing hamlet. the difference in play style illuminatined a lot of hilarity, if the audience didn't understand hamlet's part from an inside-out perspective. when he's looking at himself, it's hard to play hamlet, I would suppose, and so each scene has a double meaning to it (no matter by who it was played), both perspective exists, and in the outside-in perspective it's a tragedy, but in the inside-out perspective, it's a comedy. come to think of it, I beive the comedies are a tragedy from the inside-out perspective as well, which is why I find so much fault with them. shakes-head explores the irony of the two different perspectives, because the mars one, is one of vanity, where we're (outside of the occasional mirror), not judging ourselves, neither good or bad. the only judgement that exists is our own character flaws made manifest in other attracted people.

### 2023-10-20 07:31 - hamlet emits light

I know this effect as well, because I at certain times, do not see with only my physical eyes, and therefore can illuminate (or make darker) object, of both real and imaginary form. it's pretty cool, cause it makes reality really vibrant, but it also makes the dark look darker, too. because his emission is so strong, when it's unwanted, he really digs  the darkness.
    I used to do that as well, and that's precisely how my brain haemorrhage occured--, because I saw the world as really dark and not really all that impressive (the idea of girls seemed still then as a long shot, really far away.) I manifested all of the awful things I believed (or their symbolic equivalent) into reality. as a consequence of doing that, the surgery thereafter made it permanent. tragedy works.

### 2023-10-20 07:41 - hamlet is sad that he has to jerk off

his letter to ophelia is hilarious.

### 2023-10-20 07:48 - do I really want to believe my own reality?

or, do I want to fight against it. I've manifested it, so it must make me or break me: to be, or not to be. to do, therefore, instead. tragic believing one's own manifestation as reality. he chooses to fight it, and it kills him.
    I face this sort of decision all the time, but I've become accustomed to it, as eventually what always ends up happening is, that if I keep them secret too long, not to many other contrary opinions go against them, and they manifest. the longest manifestation possible would be to make sure that all of my ideas are made known and as many false narratives are in order that it creates maximum resistance to them across time and space. eventually, I have to finally accept my reality, though. if I cannot, I manifest something that will ultimately destroy me., just like hamlet.

### 2023-10-20 08:01 - here is this beautiful thing I don't think I can have

ophelia save me from having to jerk off. if only I could actually believe you would want me, because not even *I* like me: emo-hamlet out.
    the reason why it's funny is because this is because an outside-in person has to figure out how to like how they appear, but an inside-out person can completely avoid this, and so these, that don't know really how they look are the centre that's discovering self without. hamlet is one of those guys that doesn't really know how he looks, and because of a set of conceptual constructs about morality and stuff like like loyalty that ultimately decide how he sees himself. hamlet doesn't like himself because if society found out how he truly is, then they wouldn't like him either. that's the real tragedy here, is that he can't like himself, so ultimately he begins to attract his own destruction little by little about blaming and getting all worked up over events that are outside of his control (lol, which is the irony, because it's all his own concepts made manifest in his minds'eye/reality).

### 2023-10-20 08:44 - my mother moved on really quickly

which means my father left litte *legacy (on her)*, which makes me heartbroken, because I liked my dad. he made me feel strong, and this new claudio guy makes me feel weak. waaaaaa I want my father!

### 2023-10-20 08:56 - you (girl) can't play my pipe, like guildenstern can

so I,m upset that you won't just give me what I want (enlightenment), and instead have to cause me my problems. just make my life easy like my mom, and just do it for me. don't appear and do the things that a good girl should do to me.

### 2023-10-20 09:01 - guildenstern is upset that hamlet is denying him hamlet's griefs

this is another popular thing, where if a hamlet/man has griefs with a woman/rosencrantz, then she (hecate) creates for him a guildenstern for him to relieve his griefs. this, is also another aspect of the tragedy, where hamlet isn't relieving his griefs, so instead he's manifesting his griefs into his symbolic mind'seye reality.
also, of note, hamlet/mars, rosencranzt/aphrodite, and guildenstern/vulcan are the typical triad. their conversation sets up the tragedy that will befall them all as hamlet goes too much toward a female that will manifest his reality by being reflective of him. if he had've went with guildenstern over ophelia/rosencrantz, then he could have avoided his destruction. mars is attracted to ophelia because he wants to like himself, but around her she causes him to hate himself, cause she's reflecting him back to him (doing all the stuff that "women" (the general/definitive group of them) do). it's a tragedy for ophelia and she dies too, because she's also a reflection of him. when he's doing bad, she's making him get worse much quicker. if he would not need opelia to light up his chakras, and could just feel fine about himself, he'd do fine.

### 2023-10-20 09:12 - positive, negative, and the centre

positive is mars (inside-out), and he manifests everything into reality. negative is vulcan (outside-in), and he manifests everything into their mind'seye. the two of them are the opposite of each other. the centre also has the reflector (some inside-out and some outside-in) in opposition to the centre (both are around zero though): the most absorbative/black, and also the most reflective (and sometimes both).
    ophelia's problem is that she's one of the centres in the sense that she's pretty reflective, but she's also really absorbative too, so she thinks everything is her fault, and when she does, she causes aligns herself with his destruction; it's an easy thing to do, because I (ophelia/hamlet) am acting just like him, and I don't know why I feel such grotesque and evil ways when I'm around him. I am a grotesque sinner (just like hamlet). she doesn't know her identity, and to know how she would *really* react to that -- which is that as a reflector, it shouldn't cause her much motivation, but as a centre -- having no resistance (or feeling favourable about him), she feels compelled to mirror his own self-loathing behaviour.
if only she could feel what it is to be her own person, and let him be him, knowing that he's just manifesting his own reality for himself. gatta let him defeat himself, cause he can't let anyone else do it. (he's got a superiority complex, which is why he *should* be hanging out with gildenstern instead). she's showing him that it's actually an inferiority complex, where nobody is letting him have what he wants. hamlet thinks he's a charactor, but he's of poor quality: fools'gold, at best. if he were actually the centre that he thinks he is, then he'd feel great and want everyone else also to feel the same (jolly and fun like vucan (sometimes is)). if ophelia we able to say, "that's not really me acting these ways and saying these things", and realise her reflection, she could let hamlet go free. she thinks he's her (one flesh), and so wants to save him like she would save herself (lol). she's prolly not very good at saving (or identifying) herself; so much tragedy ensues.

### 2023-10-20 10:07 - everything ophelia isn't reflecting

is when she's running the mental/conceptual narrative of her implementation of the rules set out by society: you are one flesh with your husband; you are to love him unconditionally, till death do you part; cherish him in (mental) sickness and in health, you know his doormat, the one that he can blame all of his own faults on, etc. she doesn't want to get blamed, so she tries her hardest to adhere to society's ideal woman, but ever falls short. if only she knew she was reflecting, which means she's a centre: push me and I'll push back as hard; attract/pull me and I'll attract/pull you as just as hard. when we meet, it's like an explosion of coming together, a positively creative or destructive impact (depending on both of their narration).
    the way to avoid collisions is to actually want everything for everyone else to have, which means that all which align with me will be ([dis]loyal) reflections of me, and so that means that everyone loyal/disloyal to me, is just doing their thing somewhere around me, but not really interfering/colliding with me. I, and all my [loyal] reflections, are a thing of like mind: one flesh, one body, altogether one.
hamlet is a centre as well, but for a different reason: he's an emitter, so everything he emits, the reflectors push back, so to counter that, he's going to want others to have everything he desires, also -- and so the rub for him is allowing claudio to have what he wants (kingship) *and* to be first at tit, too.
----------------       ------------------
if hamlet were to be happy for cladio (that is, remain individual/centre and concerned only with himself), he would remain a centre (just like if ophelia could distinguish herself from hamlet), she too would also remain a centre -- however, hamlet puts himself in into the actor role by comparing himself to cladio. claudio is now the guy he's got to emulate, rathar than his father.

### 2023-10-20 10:29 - vulcan plays out the timeline of hamlets' expectation

I have no idea how this works, but it happens to me a lot (and is the presumption for how titus was able to scribe the book of mark) that seemingly, whenever mars/hamlet believes his own tragedy (jesus) and the aftermath thereupon, vulcan plays out the the tragedy, for both cladio, ophelia, and hamlet. each tim etrying to play the part the best. poor claudio; if only he'd have been able to be recptive/reflective foil to hamlet's crazy plot. he didn't though, so he finds himself condemned of the faults that mars/hamlet sees in him, a reflection of someone else's expecttion: an actor; and not stable in his identity:, himself.
