# othello

### 2023-12-27 10:24 - shakespere's study of jealousy, on himself

I'm having a lot of difficulty following the play because there is a lot of homoerotic imagery represenging hiago as both the top and also the bottom. there's also this big thing about relating desdemona to the saggitarius (ie, the centre of the galaxy). when I was looking it up, I noticed that there aren't many bright stars around her. most of the stars are powerful x-ray emitters, which means they're going to be high density and don't have a lot of the liquid component around them that our sun has (LMH); very dense stars, similar to sirius b. these are all really high frequency stars, and there seems to be quite some space the centre until there starts to have stars. desdamona is the centre, and lots of these really dense stars around her, but some really close, is kinda like her inner circle, then an outer circle, then more circles after that until a large space before the star clusters which begin to form some of the "arms" of the galaxy. she's like a really big deal, and she's married to othello now. so, now let's step back at the symbols here: this is the centre of the galaxy (an archer), a really dark object that has all of these really high frequency dark stars around it/him/her. the play is equating the galaxy with a "her" and there are lots of receptive as well as emissive sexual imagery for both sides. the whole play strongly has a "both receptive and emissive" aspect to its imagery.
now, let's equate cupid with the archer, and mars also with the galactic centre (othello). othello seems to be getting another wife (so like no big deal from mars' perspective: just another one), and so this play is a very strange introspective into the mind of the galactic centre in the sense that, here he's got all of these others, he's a noble gentleman and trusting and stuff, but if desdamona falls victim to another man's charms, then how does othello respond?
	we know by looking at the sky, that stars (girls) eventally trap other men (planets), and some times there is a whole swarm of them (like the dust clouds), and that they eventually form families which become the arms of the galaxy (or large clouds and other shaped formations), so really from the centre of the galaxy's perspective, it really doesn't matter at all if she wants to move on to interact with another planet (btw, the centre of the galaxy is more like a planet, than a star; or perhaps both at the same time, kinda like earth), so from desdamona's perspective, she's just moving on from one planet (the centre of the galaxy), to going off and being with sisters, and/or until she's finally ready to start a family of her own. so it's like really not a big deal what desdamona does, and this play is a parody on letting jealousy get in the way.
		oh, I see... I'm only 20m in to the play so far, and I have no idea what's going to happen, so I see the play from the perspective of othello... anyway, that doesn't change my perspective on the next part.
so, the sense that I get from the play early on is that this is the classic story of the jealous close brother/friend/relative, that wants what his brother/friend/relative has, but doesn't know how to get it for himself, so what he does, is try to sabotage the guy with the things he wants, and try to take it from him (sometimes for himself), so that the fortunate man can't have the good thing, or can't have it either.
	we know from LOA that this is absolutely silly talk, and othello should be like "yeah dude, take her ... whatever, she's all yours" -- why? because there are always more; there is a never ending supply of good things, and so to say "nope I must retain this one forever" is pure sillyness. just let her go and move on, don't defend your honour or anything like that, cause then by fighting to keep her, he wrecks himself.
		shakespere must have known that it's best to always just let her go and do her own thing, because there are other plays about it as well, and so if we imagine that desdamona is queen elizabeth, then it's just another example of him just having to move on. it seems that this must have been a sticking point for shakespere (and many other men alike): the concept of a woman being chaste, and loyal to her husband. the idea that another man (usually vulcan) wanting the same thing that mars wants/has (aphrodite), and it's usually a really nicE girl.
so, what's happening here is something like this: imagine this really great girl that is promised to othello, and she's like super duper awesome: like really really great, and then he gets her. he's thrilled, but then someone else already wants her. does he freak out, or does he just move on? who cares about hiago, or whatever, because to try and force any sort of behaviour out of desdamona, is to remove her own free will. she's allowed to go anywhere she's attracted to go. othello should have the perspective: I'm the most attractive one here. if she find someplace else more attractive than I am, then, go for it! enjoy yourself and follow your dreams. we'll see what he does... gonna try to get to the intermission :)

### 2023-12-27 12:07 - another realisation for othello

I'm just going to assume that othello is the galactic centre. to explain this concept, let's start with the galactic centre: it's a star that's that has a place for real material people to live on it. most of the the inhabitants of this this place (I'm gonna call it "the archer") have celestial spheres associated with them, both stars and planets, comets, etc. you can imagine the place as being nearly exactly like the earth. really quickly, every celestial sphere (of any quality) has an enegetic "core" to it: the inner star. the layers of the sphere are similar to our own layers of perception: the inner star in some cases self-powering (by one's own perception/might/willpower), and some are powered by stars (like comets), and many are both. existing there are families and relationships and all of the stuff that we have, yet they have a corresponding planet/star/comet associated with them.
	most of earth is of a different quality than like it is at the archer, because we're all reflections of the stuff outside of us. each of us have a tiny (or significant) quantity of ourselves in resonance with the planets and stars in this solar systems, and without. therefore, we're all *reflective*, and cannot be singular/individual in the way that they are; instead, our only option is to become *more* or less (usually moor) resonant with everything around us. our quality is of being a universe, and we all get to choose the quantities of others around that we want to resonate with. (sorta the same in effect, but kinda different).
so, when it's talking about othello getting these prised girls, we have to see this on a political scale (from the archer's point of view): each of these people have celestial identites, and each of them are in star systems and in arrangements with others. each solar system (binaries, trinaries, star clusters) can be thought of like factions, and different groupings and interactions between the planets, and the corresponding populations also creates more factions. so, there's like real relations going on here. desdamona is another star, and her interaction with othello is dramatically increasing the conditions and enlightenment of thoxe in that star system (like larger solar output, so everyone's perception improves to where they're like gods, even though they're not: just the conditions of the solar system are better). that obviously will create lots of wars and chaos, because now all the people that thought they weren't good enough, suddenly have the capacity and mental power to try and get revenge, or whatever they wanted to do, but didn't feel powerful enough. when the star is going, she (and everyone inside) feels like they're on top of the world and can do anything they want, so everyone ceases their opportunity (just like hiago -- so he's probably a planet in close relation to someone with the good solar conditions -- probably emilia is related to desdamona).
therfore, from the perception of othello, he doesn't want to ever get any girls from any fathers who do not want her to be with othello. if othello could have a way for fathers to secetly (without the daughter's knowledge) veto the marriage (by indefinitely putting her to the back of the waiting list), then that would greatly improve his political situation: having fathers (planets) that are jealous of and controlling over who their daughters are with, are generators of discord and strife. the last thing that othello would want to do is to greatly empower her father by dramatically increasing conditions in her solar system. if the father is good with the marriage, then it's OK, but if the father disaproves, in any way, the marriage should not be conducted. it's unfortunate, but she'll have to wait until he dies. if he changes his mind after the marriage, then that's completely on him. he's fighting his own perception, and the planets will have strange wars within theirselves, just because one of the planets is upset with another star (lol).
