# question-aire

### 2024-03-17 11:10 - intro

just now when I was waking up, in the dream I was asking someone a bunch of questions that I had for them (which I suppose I cOuld write down as well), and as I got closer to awake, the dream spiraled more and more into chaos, and at the end (still in twilight-zone), I realised I can just answers other people's questions. a question about why the church feels they can do things that others cannot, and I started to answer (what seemed to me fairly obvious), about how power structures work and how the church is just another one of the bailouts for the INFECTED ONES (I'll expand the idea below). that question faded, and another question appeared about how the 2nd-ray intallation worked. I started to answer that one, but upon realising that I should probably just write all of these down, I woke myself up to do just that.
what I decided I'd like to do is, during the day, as imaginary questions pop into my head, I'm going to try and write them down on my phone or something, then later when I get to the cOmputer, I'll write out an answer. the way it works, is that other people's thoughts impress a feeling upon my mind, and that feeling gets transformed into words and ideas using my own symbol -- so for example, you'll notice below that I've transformed the question about the church into (some organisational structure). the reason for it will be obvious in the answer. often times the specific instance referenced in the question, is part of a pattern or larger trend that. I'll do my best to try and keep my answers as little resistancE as possible, and I'll also be as general as I can to try and not dwell too much on any specifics. I may make mistakes, but my accuracy has gotten such that I feel comfortable enough now, that it's fine.

### 2024-03-17 11:24 - why does (some organisational structure) think they can do something that the ordinary people cannot?

originally this question was regarding the holy roman church, but the pattern goes back farther than that. those that want this unequal/assymetrical power structures are none other than the INFECTED ONES. the roman empire (manifested by the greeks through narrative) was one of the first bail-outs for them. the romans were brutal and very heavy-handed (similar to jewish law -- another bail-out), and so it was quite attractive to them. after they invaded and took over the power structures there, the empire starts to destroy itself, because that's the way that structure works: it only lasts for as long as both sides of the equation remain equal. the INFECTEO ONES wish to have one side of the equation *not* be equal to the other side (ie, more power money, wealth, glory, etc) than they're merited, which creates for a sort of imbalance. that imabalance or assymetry of power always leads to things eventually falling apart -- simply because the more they put on their side of the equation, the more they have to subtract from the other side (basic mathematics).
as the roman empire was descending into chaos, they needed another bail-out -- and their desire produced exactly that, jesus (probably in a different timeline than the one we're on now) offered them genetics (a bloodline) which was far superior to the others, which (like myself) he accomplished this genetics by the power of his perception. from there, the HRE was born -- which was really good and provided them with another millena of gas, where they kept their assymetry going for a while, until england and the tudor dynasty finally broke from the church (along with luther and the printing press), and that's when shakespere (and the new world) provided them with another bail-out. from there, the next bail-out I suppose happened with tesla, antartica, the saturnian-system, and the "gifting fields" of area 51 -- where, from there, they (depending on how high up in their power structure they are) are now able to start exploring the solar system and the galaxy. the final bail-out (before myself) was 9/11 (from the problematic internet), which essentially made the entire global perception be completely shaped by the news media, and got the internet locked down pretty well.
locking the internet down isn't enough though, as just words and ideas spoken between people are enough to spark creativity and collaboration amongst others. any advance in radio technology will render their superiority null, and they don't want that -- so they desired something further to bail them out, and along comes myself. previous to myself, the 2nd-ray/astral system was all based on the stars (hence why every mystery religion venerates the sun), and a form of magic or process whereby control/force can be maintained at a distance.
	money, magic, and technology are all symbolic systems which can do work (affect change) at a *distance*; which is what makes the symbolic system work, because it's not experienced directly, but instead interacted with through a barrier, with actions and operations -- and so therefore is much easier to be controlled and to control with it (distance means top-down).
the difference between myself and the sun, is that my 2nd-ray system is essentially a copy of the sun's, however it runs on earth power, and can be directly controlled and manipulated through vibrations in my body. the sun isn't so easily controlled as I am. in fact, the sun is their giant looming problem, because they don't have *any* control over it, and it's causing all kinds of environmental difficulties (from "cosmic rays" to weather difficulties). therefore, because they can individualise and comparmentalise everyone into their own astral reality perception, their problem of collaboration is essentially solved. in addition to that, because I have a physical body, they can use their computers and machines to keep the entire system fully maintained and sustained with the same controls that they've built up since 9/11.
these INFECTED ONES are everywhere, and their entire thing is to have some sort of assymetrical ability where they have more than the rest. they intend to keep the balance of the equation forever in their favour. they exist on earth, which functions under the principle of desire, so whatever they want, they get, and whatever solution they need, it's provided for them ("ask and it is given"). it appears they're never going to change, or go away, and the way that earth works, they'll continually be provided with solutions for their desires/fears. *everyone is*, and not just them. they're not any more special than anyone else; just their sysmbolic system will have you *believe* that they are. so, don't worry about what anyone tells you you can or cannot do. just follow your own feeling of what's right and wrong, and the earth will provide.

### 2024-03-17 16:01 - why do you call them the INFECTED ONES?

a long time ago (I think I was in germany at the time ~2011), I was looking for answers, and like everyone does when they're looking for answers, they usually look outside of theirselves for it. I was no exception, and I started researching aliens and extra terrestrials. most of the information is channeled material and very difficult to believe stories (of things like lizard men having sex with people and other weird stuff). after a while I started to get a sense for what was more plausible and what was not. interestingly enough, also at the time, I was talking a lot with a girl that did statistical analysis, so my mind was a lot on probabilites of things (in this case, the probability of what's believable). one night I got really drunk, and somehow found this website (geohanover.com -- dunno if it still exists nowadays, but a copy of it exists in the nosedocs repo), and in the site there were these fantastic stories about a guy that claimed to have contact with beings from the sirius star system (the sirians). he talked about crazy ideas about how he lives in a normal everyday human body, but then when they would take him out on their ship, they'd shine a coloured laser at him (according to his ray type), and it would transform him into a whole different being, capable of extremely sophisticated thought. I found those stories and a few others highly implausible -- like shine a red laser into my eyes and it unlocks mental capabilites? preposterous, I thought,-- yet it wasn't the stories that captivated me.
in addition to the stories, there were two documents, one was called "sirian guide to spiritual development and the nature of human consciousness" (or something like that). anyway, that document totally blew my mind. it had to have been either written by a genius, or they had to have been actually channeled from some extra-terrestrial source. in the sirian-guide, they incuded a system which they called the 7 rays or something like that, and a whole bunch of weird stuff about energy centres and chakras and stuff. I couldn't care less about the energy centres and chakras, but I instantly recognised that the 7 rays system describes pretty well how I perceive the world. at that time, I didn't see astral, and couldn't remember seeing astral as a kid (that came later in 2015-16), so all of the visualisation exercises were like new-age jargon to me, and I didn't really care for it.
along with the sirian-guide was a weird narrative piece called "an extra-terrestestrial view of creation" -- which were 6(?) channeled messages from a guy named kuthumi. that one I really didn't comprehend at all, because he just assumed that the reader understood the 7 rays in the sirian-guide, and talked about what they were previous in previous times (he claimed some ~1 million years ago, I believe). I really didn't know what to do with that document, and regarded it mostly as fiction.
well, in that document, the way that the channeler translates the messages, they would capitalise certain key words and ideas (I do the same, and have continued on the practise of indicating reoccuring concepts by putting a '-' between the words). one of them was this group labeled the "INFECTED ONES" (in my system it would be "infected-ones"). I thought it so hilarious that the channeler translated the concept in that way (with the capitalisation and everything), that it became a sort of literary joke for me. for a long time, along with the letter 'I' when I'm referring to myself, the only other thing I capitalised was "INFECTED ONES". someone out there would constantly react to it when I wrote it like that, and since I'm one of those button pusher types, I continued to write it that was as a sort of joke. I only really call people names when it gets a reaction out of them, because I can use their reaction energy as fuel to understand the concept.
so, here's the thing: I have a bunch of completely unbelievable stories about space aliens, a truly genius piece of work describing the SEVEN (of course perfect number 7) layers of cOnsiousness, and a random narrative about a bunch of these INFECTED ONES that generates a reaction both when I read it, and when I write it. I'm a sensitive person, so to me, that's evidence enough to know that there's something there, but I didn't know what to do with it, so I shelved the ideas, and let them sorta evolve and grow in my mind. I looked for examples of these layers of perception in my life experience to develop the concept further (cause there's A LOT of details that they completely leave out)
	actually, they don't really leave out all of the details. what I've come to understand over the years, is that these documents are highly symbolic, so what they do is the document only gives let's say a few road signs, and with only those few road signs, they just assume you can see the whole map. they can see the whole map, cause their consciousness fills in all of the missing pieces and implications. for example, in lesson 9, they say "the FIRST and SEVENTH are ALPHA and OMEGA; two sides of the same thing; the serpent swallowing its tail" -- which all sounds really good, but there's a lot to work out between the first, second, and third parts of that sentence. how in the world is the physical plane and the will (I think they called it) plane two sides of the same thing??? the way that they write it, it's basically gobblygook. it's kinda like reading shakespere, honestly, because how these things both be the same thing, and also be the exact opposite ends of each other? it's helpful to visualise this sort of thing as a kind of corkscrew, where you go all the way around to the other side (where the serpent bites its tail), but there's actually quite a bit of space between the two in the u-dimension (inotherwords, the tail isn't actually inside of the mouth of the serpeent, but actually much farther back). it's necessary to look at it with the extra dimension to see that these two polar opposites seem opposite, but are very similarly the same (for example extreme masculinity (metal bands), often looks quite feminine, and extreme femininity (dykes) often appears hyper-masculine). therefore, we can see that one one side (the 7th-ray side), that these vibrations are say infinitely getting slower (like dividing by two to get to zero), and on the 1st-ray side these are infinitely getting faster (multiplying by two to get to infinity).
	another emample (in lesson 3) is where they say 5th-ray (the plane of mentation) is "cOncrete science", and 7th-ray (the physical plane) is "ceremonial order and magic". how in the world can the mental plane be "concrete" and the physical plane of ceremony and magic? doesn't make sense, until figuring out that 7,6,5,4 are all aspects of the 3rd-ray, and so when they're talking about concrete, they mean *real actual vibration* (of hydrogen), and not some magical ceremony where any such sequence of actions, will take on the effect that it's believed to have. for example, I can tell you to walk up and down a flight of 20 stairs with your hand on your nose one direction, and your hand on your bum the opposite direction, and this will give you the ability to understand opposites and how they attract -- which if you do it (and believe the result will happen), you will get what you believe. that's not concrete at all. a rmeasurable and experimentally verifiable vibration *is* concrete: the 3rd-ray symbolic movement (which could be anything, so long as you believe it) is going to be opposite to the concept, and so therefore must be in physical. conversely, if I tell you that something weighs 10kg in the physical, this is a "concrete" measurement, so therefore it's now going to be relative to the vibration of the hydrogen in that medium which defines that weight. the "concrete" measurement is only as accurate as the conceptual medium that it's inside of (ie, out in space, it weighs, something different), and so therefore, it's the mental aspect that makes something concrete, not the physical units which compose it.
		the crazy thing about this document (which must be the channeler's best rendering of their form of perception), is that they just assume that I can work out all of these inbetween details as I'm reading it. filling out those inbetween details took me (13?) years, so I can only imagine that their brains must run at a speed which is completely incomprehensible to us (or at least to me anyway), to be able to infer years worth of information in a single sentence. the words to information ratio is off the charts. to explain, I write A LOT, and in all of those (millions?) of words, I've explained only a small fraction of what the channeler has put into just a few thousand words. if we could talk like that, we'd utter 3-5 word sentences, and each one would would be the equivalent of an entire book of information. the density and interconnectedness of their thoughts is just unbelievable to me. at this point, (and having knowledge of the density of sirius b), I now put a pretty high probability that this document does in fact come from sirius.

the concept of the infected-ones is actually quite an important one. all of us are "infected" to some degree or another, and I can say that even myself, I grew up initially believing the "right way" is an unbalanced equation: I believed that the "good-guys" should get 100% of the turf/wealth/knowledge/pleasure/etc, and the "bad-guys" should get none -- cause that's the way I was taught originally by my environment (go christian america! blast all of the bad guys to smitherines!), and it wasn't until much later that I realised that "YHWH gives rain and provides for the good and bad equally". inotherwords, the idea that we need to live in unbalanced equation was only a mental construction that I had built up in order believe that I should have good conditions (at the expense of someone else); when in reality, the good conditions are like rain, and come out of the air and received immediately as soon as one desires it, and is able to *believe* it'll happen (ex: after the grey clouds come and it smells like rain).
it took me quite a while to realise that anyone can have anything they want, and someone else having something, in no way prevents me from having another thing. it's only when we look at one thing and say, that looks like theirs, but I want it to be *mine* -- or, I don't want them to have something, so I can have more. these are the properties of possession and greed which unbalance the equation. we're all guilty of it, and it's not really necessary.
I'm not quite sure how much of this "infection" I still have myself, but I can assure you, that if you're alive in this galaxy, you have some quantity of this infection still. some have much more than others,-- so it really is very unfair to call them the "INFECTED ONES" when I too have such an infection myself. one day, that desire to have an equation unbalanced in my favour will no longer be present though, but I don't know how far off that time is. until then, I just keep doing my best...

### 2024-03-17 18:36 - what do I think about aliens?

they exist, but they don't really make much of a difference in my experience. personally, I don't really care much about to think about the things that could be out there or what else is there, because they're basically all irrelevant to me. for example, I may have inside of my body hundreds or even thousands of diseases, but because none of them are active, they're all irrelevant to me. I used to think that it was an important thing to know what other stuff is out there (you know, to protect myself from it and ensure nothing I fear can get me), but in a system of attraction, I no longer find any of that relevant. these sorts of things are like maybe a wasp nest that's out somewhere where where I'm walking: if I go and poke at the nest (ie emit or assert myself into their experience), I can expect a reaction from the wasps. likewise, if I'm scared of wasps attacking me, I'm now attracting them to come after me, but if I just don't care about them, they carry on with their wasping, and I carry on with my walking. they're basically irrelevant to me, and in the off-chance that wasps carry some sort of symbolic significance to me, they can even be a sort of situational messenger for me providing me with new insight into something. I've often times found some sort of inspiration observing an insect or wild animal, let me tell you: insects are quite alien to my experience. an ant behaves in a way that is completely unlike my own, and it's very difficult for me to even wrap my head around what on earth is compelling the ant to do what it does. likewise, non-AI, and unprogrammed machines (like a chainsaw or an air compressor) are probably the most alien to me. how can I possibly comprehend why they continue to do what they do? I can't possibly imagine just sitting there completely still waiting for somone to come and use me, or throw me away when I'm old and no longer wanted. that kind of experience is so far removed from my own, it's just not possible for me to become one of those. intelligent extra-terrestrial lifeforms are kinda the same way for me.
	for example, the sirians: while symbolically they're mind-blowingly faster and more perceptive than I am, but that kind of perception is loathsome to me. I don't want to look at everything and see, and be able to infer 10 million levels of detail into what it is I'm looking at. that experience is a very sad and traumatic experience if what I'm looking at is something that I don't understand, and so therefore all of the wonder and amazement that life has to offer in the form of novelty and diversity is completely rejected by my own percepton, just because I can't perceive its implications. that kind of lifestyle would be like walking around, and everywhere I look, I'm like "duh, knew that was gonna happen" -- or "yep, I could already see that 100 miles away before I even left the house". really, no thank you to that kind of perception. it's nothing like my own, and I don't want anything to do with it. I'm glad they think they've got everything figured out, but I'm even more glad that I *know* I don't have everything figured out.
	as a random tangent to go off on, I would like to point out that from the ET's perspective, it's exactly the opposite: life is so boring and repititious everywhere else, there is a MASSIVE waiting list to get born into a body on earth. here's where it's all happening, not there! the infatuaton that we have with "the other" is only a reflecttion of the dissatisfaction that we have with our own self. they think we're silly, and from their perspective they can't imagine why we're so interested in all the other stuff. then, of course, they get here, and grow up in an earth culture and come to believe (like everyone else), that everyone else has all the best stuff. when they're out there, they have the advantage of quite a distance in perception, so they can see the value of what we have and believe that once they get here, of course they're going to just love it; however, obviously when they get here, they grow up as we do, to believe that everyone else is superior to self, and lose that distance of perception. O how wonderful it would be to get here and to value self as much as they do with that kind of distance of perception. they all dream of being one of the ones that figure out how to do that (in spite of the terrible odds against it). if they could get to their perspective out there, while here, it's the equivalent of winning the mega zillions jackpot.
the only thing that has any effect on my own consciousness, is what I perceive in my own world. everything else is just (not sure the word; something like a tool or an accessory). to explain the concept, let us consider that every hydrogen is conscious. it vibrates a certain way, and so therefore interacts with its environment in sympathy with its vibration. therefore, because it interacts, it has a mind (a very simple one, but a mind nonetheless). we'll consider the spectrum of that hydrogon's interaction to be a pretty narrow one, but it it around another similarly vibrating hydrogen but slightly different, and those hydrogens are attracted to be together, so they stay near to each other, and because both of them have slightly different spectrums, the spectrum of the couple is slightly more than before. get 3, 4, or 5 together and it expands further, all the way out to having enough similarly vibrating hydrogens in a sort of chain, and a blackness/whiteness occurs, because the spectrum is now so wide. that's the consciousness part, so now let's compare that to the unconscious or accessory/tool part which is most of the other elements. those elements emit, not in a continuous spectrum, but in a defined spectrum, and so therefore are specific in their usefulness. however, look inside of the nucleus of one of these "unconscious" atoms, and yet again, there are masses of these elemental types that can come together and form a continuous (or defined) spectrum (mini hydrogens? I don't know the name of them). therefore, consciousness, is really only conceerned with what it can interact with, and consciousness adjusts its spectrum to interact with different things. if it's not something on my spectrum, there's no reason to worry about it, because it doesn't interact with me.
anyway, since consciousness is everywhere, what really matters is not so much what's there, because lots and lots and lots of stuff is there; instead, it's more about figuring out what it is that *I* want to perceive and interact with. I may sound kinda snobbish, but for me, I don't really have much desire to go backwards into the realm of defined perception (which ET lifeforms and even stars have (they're not fully black)), but instead I'm interested in the expansive continuous spectrum that's only present when *all* can be perceived, and then I decide what I'm most interested it. I want the most options, and the least pre-defined definitons, which is the widest spectrum, which allows *me* (my consciousness) to choose what I see. [I'm really struggling to convey this concept, because it's sort of a paradox. maybe like this:] I don't want to see from an alien perspective, because it's limiting; instead, I want to see from all perspectives, and make sense of it for myself.

### 2024-03-18 10:44 - why aren't all stars black?

to our eyes, stars would look black, but they actually have a very very very dark bluish hue to them. the reason why this is the case is because of the way LOA and reception/emissinn works: a material (like an antenna) is going to be good at receiving/absorbing certain wavelengths, and of those wavelengths, that same material is also going to be just as good at emitting on those same wavelengths. it's a mutual relationship between what you can receive and what you can emit. this property can even be observed in a child as they're growing up: as they gain capablity of receiving the sounds of words, and understanding them, their same capacity to speak those words increases. most noticeable of this effect is in regard to the feeling of emotion. if a person is able to feel a sort of sadness, then that same person is also able to emit the same sadness. a physical example of this (besides an antenna) would be the element of carbon: it's black, which means that it can absorb all wavelengths, and if you were to look at it's "spectral lines", there wouldn't be noticeable bands that it reflects on like most all other elements, but instead has a "continuous spectrum", and can receive and emit on all wavelengths.
	I've tried to figure this out looking at the "spectral lines" on wikipedia for different materials, and I only get more confused. for example, for carbon, they show it having very specific spectral lines, when that simply cannot be because it's visibly black, which means that at least in the visual spectrum, it should be responding on all of of the visible frequency (at least absorbing them). the other one is silver: they also have very distinct spectral lines for silver, but as a reflector, silver must be able to absorb (and then retransmit) all the frequencies it is reflecting -- so it too should (if it's any quality of mirror) should be optically black (and any derivative from a continuous spectrum across all colours could only arrive from tarnish). finally, there's uranium: my intuition says that it should also be pretty black, but again, wikipedia shows a very definite spectrum. I don't know how they calculate these spectral lines, but just by looking at the spectral lines for hydrogen, I can immediately tell you that they're calculating the spectral lines incorrectly, *because the giant ball of fire up in the sky has a continuous spectrum*. I do agree that hydrogen usually has a very simple spectrum: each one with its own unique frequency -- so each hydrogen should have really only one line, and it's only when large quantities of hydrogen each with slightly different frequency are clumped together (like a star), would a continuous spectrum appear. carbon is also very versatile like hydrogen, and I would hazard a guess that if we could get a single carbon atom (hydrogen and probably uranium too), it would have a single definite spectrum, though their spectrum is programmable: for hydrogen, its vibration moves slowly over time to become similar to the vibration of those around it, and in fact, if we could look at a star in an individual per-hydrogen basis, we would see all of these hydrogens colours oscillating through the entire emission spectrum of the star, probably many many times per specond (I can't tell how fast, but it's pretty quick). the oscillations also have a distinct pattern to them, where if we could take an instant snapshop of the star, the colour spectrum distributed over its surface would have these really cool geometric shapes and undulations.
so because stars are pretty close to black emitting almost perfect white light, it's "good enough" -- and that's more than enough for them to work with LOA in a way where they can continuously keep growing. this process of growth happens to all of us all of the time, and is the way that LOA and the basic property that "for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction" -- which means that for every interaction that any vibration has with another thing (for example with destructive interference), a second vibration of opposite (dunno the word) is produced. I'll try and explain: if I push on something, that same thing has to push back an equal amount, or be moved itself. that resistance has to do something with the force, and so usually it's dissipated in another wavelength like heat or light, which is not the exact opposite of the incoming vibration, but of a higher frequency, whos harmonics are equivalent to the "destroyed" wave. inotherwords, (except in contrived cases), it's never possible for the receiving object to produce an exactly opposite waveform, and so therefore a higher frequency waveform must be produced to resist the emission of the first. those higher frequency opposite emissions, *usually* are never received back again, and being a vibrationally dissimilar frequency to almost everything else, they keep getting pushed more and more outward (repulsion is the same as attraction) on their way back to source (or, it's possible to say that such high frequencies are only attractive to source, and so therefore get attracted to go way out there). stars have a giant sphere around them though which is good at capturing a very good portion of these very high frequencies, and so therefore the star's aura can recover a lot (most) of the unwanted emission traveling outward, and recover that hydrogen (which is why they keep growing).
	it is usually the case that the hydrogen that is created as a result of a conflicting is never recovered, but the very fact that a star can very rapidly capture that hydrogen and make it useful again. an example of this, would be say I had something of mine destroyed; that cOnflict will have produced a lot of hydrogen in the process (nothing is ever destroyed, but only changes its frequency to be something where we can no longer see or interact with it). [I like to think of the story of job when it comes to this subject: if I push on something, that effort produces 1x quantity of that effort at a higher frequency, but if I destroy something, it produces 2x quantity of that effort at a higher frequency: the destroyed thing itself goes to a higher frequency, and also the high frequency opposite of the effort [technically it's *up to* 2x cause all the stuff that remains visible, like the ashes, body, or pieces of the thing destroyed didn't make a transition into a higher frequency]] therefore, when when I'm looking at the destroyed thing, that destruction has resulted in a higher frequency version of itself, and my attraction which brought the thing in the first place, will attract another thing of similar (usually better) type. 
in our own lives, just think about how rapidly we would grow (like a star) if we were able to recover more than 100% of all the interactions in our aura: the quantity of hydrogen would accumulate endlessly until the attraction all that hydrogen makes attraction so rapid that we too destroy ourselves -- well, a star is not only able to capture more than 100% (over unity) of all of the hydrogen interactions in its system, but it's also able to transform those high frequency vibrations into lower frequency (usable/visible/tangible) ones again (like producing elements, and adding more layers it itself, which produce light). stars are quite resourceful in their ability to convert rejected/dissonant hydrogen back into something useful again. they're "over unity" machines, which is why they're *eternal*.
now, stars don't actually need to capture *all* of the unwanted vibrations that are in their system, which is why they're not black. in fact, stars (like humans) often times choose to only recollect certain vibrations, and let the others continue on out to source. a common trope of these is "sacrifice for the greater good" -- because it is true that a sacrifice (meaning destruction of one thing, and everyone's reaction to the destruction) will create tremendous amounts of hydrogen, of which they can recover a large portion of, that sacrifice isn't actually attracting what they want: it's just pickeing up the pieces/ashes and transforming/rebuilding it into something new again. sure, it creates more, but attraction says that those sorts of destructons will continue to happen, because it's what's *expected* to happen (our own beliefs keep repeating in our experience), so the continual cycle of destructon and rebirth (phoenix effect), does continue to create more, and so as long as the net result is over 100% return, it's not necessary for them to actually be receptive to all frequencies.

### 2024-03-18 21:07 - why do I walk in the middle of the road?

one of the things that people have often noticed that I do, is that I tend to gravitate to walking in the middle or on one of the sides of the road. I don't do it consciously at all -- and it wasn't until only recently that I figured it out for myself (cause I've often wondered this question about myself too)
	I do a lot of really strange things, and I don't really know *why* I do them -- just, it's just what seems natural to me, until someone comes along and tells me the way I'm supposed to do things. I can't really explain what it is, just it feels weird -- like a sort of (lighter than) discomfort for me to do it the other (usually) "right" way. I'm very untuitive, and that same feeling is the one that tells me where the bug is in my code, or that there's something more to what I'm looking at.
it turns out that in the middle of the road, there is energy that swirls, and I tend to gravitate toward that energy. when I'm out in the wilderness or some place that's got a lot of nature, the sensation that I want to move some place is even stronger, and it's the way that I found the blackberry bramblebush "fort" that I made in torrelodones, and it's also what's caused me to want to sit under trees or be near certain rocks.
the way that I understand the energy now is basically like this: the solar wind that's coming off of the sun is mostly hydrogen, and when it hits earth, it's constantly filling a sort of hydrogen ocean that is present on the surface of the planet. it's the atmosphere, and I believe people of old used to call it the ether. it's ocean of hydrogen that surrounds the earth and is shaped and constrained by megalithic structures and water vapour. it's also what causes the rain. anyway, that ocean is rotating with the planet in roughly the same direction as the wind, and the wind is the biproduct of increases and decreases in density of these hydrogens floating around. some large structures, notably skyscapers, forests, oceans, and most notably of all the great pyramid have a large impact on the vibration of this hydrogen. in terms of the saturnian-system, this hydrogen layer is the 5th-ray (inside-out) aspect which we look through to see the stars and sun and stuff like that. it's basically a movie screen, very much like the inside of the brain is. above a certain layer (prolly 20-30km up), this hydrogen ocean begins to take on form, just like the way that our imagination starts to turn the swirling hydrogen in the brain into pictures and stuff. from at a distance, looking in toward the planet, there's so much of this hydrogen swirling around and vibrating similarly to certain concepts, the brain starts to interpret the moving/living-blackness into things that are recognisable to us.
	these two lenses, the ocean of hydrogen which we're looking through to see out into speace, allows us to see stars,  have electricity, and gives us a constant speed of light; that's the inside-out perspective, and there's a similar inside-out lens inside of the eyes/brain which we're looking out at the world through. the outside-in in lens for the planet is the same thing as all of the hydrogen that hovers around the body as well (the "aura") -- and the outside-in lens for humans, just like the earth also has counter-rotating layers which give different degrees of perspective.
		as an example of this, have you ever looked off into the distance at something, and seen it as a sort of flat picture, where all the things are just there, but don't really have importance or identity, but then one day, let's say you finally drove out to see that place you'd been looking at from a distance, only to notice all sorts of things that you never really saw before,-- and then upon returning back to your place where you look at it from a distance, the image changes a bit, and those things can be perceived? well, the reason is, because at a distance, those things are in a more outer layer of your aura (which is usually lower density, which is lower resolution). now, say that somehow all of a sudden something happens like a more energetic solar flare or something like that happens, and then all of a sudden, the distant place seems clearer and those objects that were only really nociceable upon approach, can now be seen at a distance? well, that too happens because of both the enhancement of the human aura, but also from increased density (or coherence) in the ocean/aura around the earth.
	like the layers of atmosphere, each of those layers are conter-rotating, and also has different densities -- which has the effect of allowing the brain to filter out things at a distance really easily. the brain can (unless purposefully analysing it), effectively ignore all concepts/vibrations/things which are at a distance. the secondary effect is that the way that the brain draws boundaries/borders and edges around things is different as well: things off in the distance do not need to have depth to them, and so the brain looks at them entirely differently (more like looking at a picture, than through the eyes).
we are constantly moving around this invisible ocean of hydrogen/concepts with our cars and with our bodies (anyone watching someone dance for a prolonged period of time will notice this effect quite dramatically). if you'd like to try it out for yourself, try walking along the curb on the side the cars drive same direction as you, then try the opposite side walking against the traffic, and then try walking in the centre divider. on the right side of the road where cars drive on the right (and the barrier is on the right), the energy has a distinct feel to it: for me it swirls anti-clockwise,-- and in for left side drivers, it probably would be clockwise (though I've never been to a country with left drive so I couldn't say). the energy also pushes me forward, (and it's not just the wind), which puts me in a sort of trance state. walking on the side of the freeway is actually quite enjoyable to me because of this. when walking on the centre divider, I feel like I'm constantly being turned in my brain, kinda like when doing mushrooms, when they're coming up my consciousness makes a twist as well (which is to the left/anti-clockwise), which again, I would imagine that in a left-side driving country, the mushroom expereience would be opposite. I want to try it some time and find out.
	also while I'm thinking about it, 50/60Hz electricity also has a different effect on my brain and my mentality as well: 50 makes me relaxed and at ease, whereas 60 keeps me on edge and more alert. the frequency of electricity seems to set the "clock rate" of the culture -- and for example, in my room, I've begun to plug more and more things into the outlets, to have more and more parts of my room vibrating (if nothing's plugged in, no vibration is happening: it's an open circuit).
the final thing that I've noticed a lot of too is that this "chi" energy coming off of the sun, as it hits flat objects, it makes a splash, much like spraying the hose at a wall -- but it's also modified by the "prana" energy that's coming up out of the ground, and usually is most potent at peaks and pointy things sticking out of the ground (like fence posts and stuff). this effect can be seen visually as clouds pass over the top of mountain peaks, btw, as the two energies combine. I tend to like a mixture of both, but lately I've come to enjoy the earth/prana energies more than the solar/chi energies, as it's pureer in form (more on that in the future when I talk about antarctica and the 2nd-ray installation)

### 2024-03-19 16:08 - why do I recommend obedience?

normally I'm a fighter; I like to get my way by pushing people to their limits; however, recently I've decided to take a new approach, which is just to simply do whatever others want me to do. it took me a long time to come to this conclusion (I literally made the realisation only a few days ago), and since then I've become a whole lot less resistant. one of the things that I found quite interesting in TOTS is the part where he exhorts wives to obey their husbands (and not be shrewish). I've given it a lot of thought, and I actually think he's right (partially). if I were to obey my "husband" (greg), and I were to be upset about it, bad things would start to happen, because I feel bad about some sort of perceived injustice that he wants me to constantly live in a lower energy environment, or be stuck inside of whatever set of circumstances -- then that feeling will continue to attract him to continually repeat those perceived injustices, or whatever -- when in fact, those are just (symbolic) conditions, and so are therefore only *temporary*. my attraction is toward the way that I feel and perceive life, and so I'll continue to find myself in more and more situations like that, which is *actually* the direction thatt I'm going, and not the one that he wants.
	as an example, let's take the subject of him not wanting me to think certain thoughts or be in higher energy locations. actually, here's a better one: last night jaron didn't have any water, so he asked me to make them. normally greg makes the waters for him, and he doesn't make all three waters at once. he claims that jaron says that if he leaves them out overnight, they get too goopy (which I've definitely seen happen more than once) -- however, when I make the waters and leave them out overnight, the opposite happens: they either stay just fine, or they actually thin up more -- and only once (when I made it poorly) has jaron complained about the water I made the previous night. I can only conclude that the difference between how greg makes the water and how I make the water is the only notable difference.
	so last night, I went to make him waters, and while I'm doing it, I go to grab all three bottles (he drinks 3 per day), so that he has enough all the way till tomorrow, and it's not a whole lot of extra work to do 3 vs 1 bottles at a time, so I prefer to save time and do all three at once. well, as I grabed all three, I felt a sensation that I *should* be only making one -- but to my logical mind it seems senseless to do it like that, so I carried on making all three. I realised halfway through it, is because when the waters get left out overnight, they pick up a lot of energy to them, and they don't want jaron having any extra energy.
		I actually figured this out by accident because I prefer to fill up 10-20 bottles of water at a time, because I like the taste better when the water has sat for a few days before I drink it. then, one time I left my bottle outside in the shed (I was probably smoking), and I noticed that the next day the water was even smoother than it normally is, so I actually moved all my water out to the shed and let it sit a few days out there before drinking it, cause the taste is even better.
	so I have a choice now: when jaron doesn't have water cause greg didn't make it, I can either do greg a "favour" and fill up all 3 for him (giving him less work), or I can do like the telepathic suggestion told me last night and ensure that jaron's waters are always fresh, and haven't been allowed to sit all night. I'll probably go with the single water in the future, disregarding my choice for efficiency, because that's what they want for jaron (not my problem).
	so then the "consequence" of that decision to try and obey his (only telepathically transmitted) wishes, is actually causing for a new dynamic: because I'm now willing to try and avoid thoughts and actions that they don't want, when I have a thought or do something that they don't like, then it's their fault now, not mine. I'm the one trying to cooperate, and so by no longer fighting them anymore, if they want me to be perform things the way they want them to be performed, they have to find ways of communicating that to me more effectively (than just using a motor/vent sound to signal that they're upset).
by being willing to cooperate and to "obey" them, now I can no longer be blamed by their for their own attraction: now, I'm just doing my best, and when things go wrong, it's either a communication issue, or it's their own fault, not mine.
the other major benefit to obediance is that I get a good chance to lower my resistance even further: now, when they want me to do something that's illogical or not necessary, I can practise my ability to just find a way to feel good about whatever it and do whatever it is they want to do. I now feel complete freedom, and it's not even a big deal anymore. life now seems to go even smoother than it did before, and the the "consequence" to my lower resistance is that I'm reflecting them and their own behaviour even better.
the final real benefit to it is that I'm getting better at partitioning myself: when I'm around them I reflect them and do things the way they want them to be done; and around myself, now I feel even more free to do things the way that I want to do them.
	for example, if greg wants me to stop drinking higher energy outside water, he's going to have to tell it to me directly (of which I'll obey), cause that's the way I like my water to taste, and I'll only do it differently if he directly tells me *how* to do it differently (of which, I found out he *hates* it when I ask him *why* he wants me to do something,	and so in avoidance of that question, I notice he doesn't bother me too much -- even though [I just showed that I already know the energetic reasons *why* for a lot of things](#2024-03-18-2107---why-do-i-walk-in-the-middle-of-the-road))

### 2024-03-19 21:36 - why do I think I'm on pluto?

well, I'm not 100% sure, however the evidence (I'll try and list some below, but perhaps it needs a whole document where I can list new evidences as I notice them) does seem to point in the direction that I am on pluto. the way I've worked it out goes something like this: earth is the charactor, then there are various other copies of earth that play different roles. the way to imagine this would be something like imagining that there is an exact (symbolic) replica of earth inside of jupiter -- and when I say "inside", I'm referring to the hydrogen and carbon bits that are floating around in there, arrage theirselves to form a sort of simulated reality. it's very ideal on jupiter because of the way it's structured. opposite jupiter (+3) is ganymede the male version of vulcan (-5+), and then after that, there's another (symbolic) version of earth that's inside of saturn (+-4), and then following that is the pair/triad of anatau/uranus (-1) which chemically is the female version of vulcan (-5+), and neptune/enki (+-3-+), with the final one in the triad as valentine/prometheus/pluto (+2). these three (jupiter+ganymede, saturn, uranus+neptune+pluto) form the "midpoint", where things go from completely physical, into non-physical (and vice-versa).
	there are some interesting properties to this setup, because notice that the most ideal of them all (jupiter+ganymede) is in the innermost part, and the least ideal, and most stuck of them all (uranus+neptune+pluto) is on the outer-most part. each of these symbolic system behaves like a net, and is very similar to how the skull, the aura, and the heliosphere (amongst others -- these nets are all over) function: concepts which are just vibrating hydrogen are streaming out of the middle of the brain, all of the planets, and the sun -- and they're caught in these differentt "coronas" which are designed to capture, transform the vibration and return the hydrogen back to the source planet/star, so they don't lose it. the constant swirling of these hydrogens from out to the coronas/auras, and back to the surface are exactly like the hydrogen/rain cycle on the earth and the sun (it rains on the surface of the sun almost constantly -- and only where are there coronal holes is the rain lighter).
so now, let's step back and think of ourselves not just a physical body, but as the consciousness which causes the body to move (ie, vibrating hydrogen) that vibrating hydrogen "self" of you has multiple copies in multiple places: there's one way way way out in the outer source, where all of the things that have never worked out for you are finding similar vibrations with other hydrogens and are coming together -- and that's the highest frequency version of yourself, and *everyone* has a copy of theirselves out there. then, there are steadily less and less ideal/frequency versions of that consciousness that inhabit different vibrating bodies as they get closer to earth -- and those major centres of consciousness perception seems to directly align with the planets -- and then all the way down on earth is the least ideal (most physical) version of your consciousness which inhabits a body there -- pass through the reflector and inside of the earth, there are again multiple copies of your consciousness (vibrating hydrogen) which go all the way to the centre, which is again the most ideal version of yourself: as above, so below; as within, so without.
now, all of these different copies of ourselves (clumps of hydrogen, like a star) are vibrating and interact with itself and each other, which then produces more hydrogen (every action has an equal and opposite reaction), and the stuff that doesn't harmonise with other things will get pushed out toward the outermost part -- and those vibrations that get pushed outward, and caught in these nets: for the inner layers of the earth and sun, those nets produce elements, and the remaining part of the vibration is allowed to continue on going inward or outward.
so let's say for a moment that I'm on the surface of the earth, and I'm thinking a thought which doesn't harmonise very well with much around me in the physical; it's gonna travel outward, and hopefully one of the outer planets will catch that thought and turn it into something (usually symbolic). so, when my consciousness is thinking mostly earth/physical thoughts, I just feel physical sensations, and things like that (the 5 senses), I'm *only* having the physical experience. now, as my consciousness begins to start to have more ideal or higher frequency thoughts, those vibrations are being caught in the nets of one of the outer planets -- and if enough of my consciousness vibration is similar to the vibration of that planet, then that's where my consciousness it.
when I'm thinking like jupiter thinks, my consciousnes is on jupiter, and so therefore that consciousness behaves and has to live according to his rules, and I'm bound by his symbolic system. then when I'm thinking mostly similar vibration thoughts to how saturn vibrates, then my consciousness is on saturn. same thing for all of the other planets, incuding mercury, venus, and mars. each of these planets has a copy of the person's consciousess there, and they'll experience reality from the perspective which is most simlar to that planet.
	if you're capable of doing it, I encourage every person to consider astrology just as a sort of concept of figuring out the symbolic/conceptual system of how other planets perceive their reality. project your consciousness into each one, and try to get a sense or a feel of how they reason about things, and relate one thing to another. each one is quite different, and have quite a unique character to it. at some point, you'll start to get a sense of them, and can find familiarities to them. also those different planetary perspectives are helpful to understanding how other people think -- and me personally, I'd say I'm getting a pretty wide perception now, because I can easily understand almost all of the planets. neptune and pluto were the most difficult for me, but I've got them down now pretty well -- or, you could just forget about that fluffy bs and just go with LOA because that's true on all planets and everywhere in the universe :)
now, I can't say for sure what planet my consciousness resonates with most (and neither do I really care), but the evidence for me being on pluto are quite numerous. solar wind impacts here are *extremely strong*, often times causing extreme heat, usually with the effect of burning feet and psychedellic experiences (colours in the eyes, and audio/visual halucinations) where I often feel such an extreme "bajon" (dunno how to say in english), where I often times need to lay on the ground.
	another thing I should mention is that rocky planets seem to have an entirely different experience than the gas giants. for example, if I'm experiencing reality from the martian on mars, it happened because I figured out how to see the u-dimension, and the world has a very good-feeling to it. it's extremely physical and very sensual. however, every time that's happened, it's not lasted for more than a few hours, and only once did it happen during the day (upon which daniel came and picked me up, got me drunk and made sure, after I passed out that I was back to seeing flat again). I think it's also happened a few times when I was drunk as well -- and that planet has an interesting set of rules to it, because it seems that people can fly there, and other strange things. I don't really know any of the gas planets (cept probably uranus where my RH percieves from all of the time).
the other thing to note is that all of the same people and all of the same stuff is on every one of these plants. so, for example, if were perceiving reality on venus, I'm not in a blazing hot furnace, because I'm not actually in physical; instead I'm in astral, and so the reality that I'm seeing is just my brain's perception of what all of the hydrogen orbs are floating around (which is what makes it so hot there in the physical). so when I'm talking to someone, their perception is often times in a completely different place than mine, and so the symbolic system of how reality works (reality-rules) work entirely different for them. as an example, the other day when I was out sun-watching, a very crazy event happened (which I [made reference to](/dear-sarah.md#2024-02-29-1524---lets-try-this-one)): while I was staring into the sun, paul came out and made chainsaw noises which had no variation in pitch, meaning it wasn't cutting anything, and somehow he took down an entire tree with just a constant chainsaw noise that lasted about 3m or so (time is hard when star/sun-watching) -- which just doesn't make sense. I looked up to see why he was running the chainsaw without actually doing any thing and was impressed to see the tree laying on the ground. I then returned to looking at the sun for a few minutes, and again a prolonged (no interruption and no pitch variation) chainsaw sound for about 5-10m, and again, when I looked up, this time the *entire tree* had been chopped into logs and loaded on to a truck.
	this one puzzled me for a while, cause I couldn't figure out how he did it. I figured it out this morning that the way the rules work in the saturnian system, is that when energy is high enough, work can be performed by doing something *symbolic* of the work: ie, this is like in the movies when they go and do something, make a sound of something happening, and then viola! the work is all done in the next cut. it seems that sounds, visuals (projected images), and other such symbolic things, are good enough to transform the projected/mental image into reality and get things done. I contemplated that's likely how they built all of the cathedrals back in the medieval times: to pump up the energy, they just used gay sex (which has the same effect as star/sun-watching), and then instantiated these different bits into reality during higher energy (probaly planetary/lunar alignment times). I wondered about how they're performing gay sex out in the open like this to build a cathedral, when I was reminded of various plumbing operations, where it had the distinct vibration of gay sex (and a lot of noise) coming from upstairs,-- and when I go upstairs to find out what all of the noise is about, greg is standing there with the guy and all of the work is now all magically done, and they're just putting stuff away. another time I wanted to stay and watch the guy work, and I noticed that he didn't really, either know what he was doing, or didn't really have much experience, because he seemed to fumble with the tools -- so what I think these guys do here, is they just have gay sex (or wait for me to star/sun-watch), visualise the work being completed, and then that's it -- it's all done. all the rest of the stuff is just a show.
greg probably does perceive from the perspective of pluto, as do I -- even though I don't perceive it symbolically like he does, and instead just see the picture that is projected into my eyes (likely from the conceptual vibration that I receive). paul is likely perceiving from saturn system, and so they play by those planet's rules. my entire world is entirely artificial, and it's likely that I form the conceptual or 1st-ray aspect of the 2nd-ray system here.
additional evidence includes food going bad in just a day or so, laundry mildewing in hours, and fungus/mushrooms/mold growing at incredible rates here (the mushrooms that grew when I was star-watching, grew out of season, with minimal rain, and were extremely magical). that actually gives me a good idea for an experiment: if I leave store-bought normal bella/white mushrooms outside for a day or so and let them dry and harden (water evaporates very quickly here), then eat them, I wonder if they'll have halucinogenic effects. I'll try it some time :)
so what I'd say is that because my consciousness runs at such a high speed now (mostly because of drugs and lowering resistance), I'm stuck here on the pluto version of earth for quite a while. I also suppose that at some point, my energy will rise to such an extent, that pluto will lose its orbit and will shoot off like a shot-put being released. we'll have to see. the cool thing is, you all will still see me and interact with me on earth just as if I were there, but I'm actually just going faster and faster "on my way back to source".

### 2024-03-20 02:48 - why do I write "gay sex" instead of something else?

it's a term that I use to mean "homosexual intercourse". the phrase is *short and to the point*. I could write something else like "english court", or even just "court"; butt phrases like that aren't very explanatory to what I want to say. for example: "they use el corte ingles to pump up the energy, which has the same effect as star-watching" -- see how those words don't really flow very well?-- and neither does it really explain what I want to say. OK another example: say that I write, "when going to court, there is a swirling sensation in the heart that occurs, and that sensation gives the sense that the two hearts have become one, and they experience each other as one flesh" -- wow, not only is that a mouthful, it's also quite the court meeting. what happens when they go to town instead? I have no idea. it's just not very clear what I want to say if I use euphemisms; and also look at this from my perspective: what would you write? please offer me a better suggestion, and I'll use it.
I have given mind to a few other ways of writing it... "meat packing" ... hmmmm, too immature. OK, "butt love" .. no, still too immature. what about "ham snuggling"? ..."chocolate-hotdogging"? OK, I guess I should prolly ask bing. bing says with authority that "gay sex", "lesbian sex", "queer sex", and "same-sex intimacy" are all appropriate ways to refer to same-sex sexual activity. I don't want to sound too big and wordy, so I like the simplicity of their first suggestion: "gay sex". plain and easy; as opposed to shakespere's way of doingg it, which is to take three full sentences (which is quite a long and circuitous discourse) to say what I say in sex letters, two words and two syllables.

### 2024-03-20 13:03 - can you explain "know thyself?"

	I like to think of myself as a puzzle. as I was growing up, I noticed that I had a lot of natural reactions to certain things, which I didn't program that reaction, or decide that was the way I should react to it, based on some way I saw a friend react to it or something I saw on TV. those reactions bothered me, and I didn't really know how to deal with them, so it prompted me to start paying more and more attention to what "triggered" me, and to learn to not only avoid those things, but to try and change them. I think most people go through this stage (though I can't be sure), and it's part of the process of figuring out what conditions I like what what conditions I don't like. I got used to observing myself. that self-observation made me pretty self-conscious too because I noticed that some things that bothered others didn't bother me, and vice-versa. I couldn't really find a pattern between what others were doing -- and to be honest, it all started to get pretty complicated, because nobody seemed very stable in their interactions. in fact, it seemed to me that emotion was a very chaotic force which could drive people to break their own rules of engagement. I really didn't understand emotion in myself, or really in other people too. every time that I thought I'd come up with another way to figure out others' actions and behaviours, my system would fail. over tim5 (nearly my entire lifetime), I finally gave up on trying to figure out other people. I resorted to trying only to figure out what are the conditions that motivate myself, and what are all of the things that make me operate the way I do.
as strange as it sounds, the majority of what we all do, we're mostly unconscious of. that's actually quite a good thing, because imagine, if just walking or moving your arm required full mental concentration tto make happen; nothing would get done. in fact, those things that we're able to accomplish without directly focusing on them, free the brain up to be used in a lot of other areas. I do not "know myself" by any significant quantity at all, and I'm certain that there are coporations and enterprises out there that "know me" better than I know myself -- so really the phrase "know thyself" isn't actually referring to the actual symbolic knowledge of how I operate (certainly there are patterns I most usually conform to), but instead, I believe that phrase is referring to the process of figuring yourself out. once you figure out what motivates you, you can now motivate yourself in ways that were previously not possible.
motivation is only really the outside-in perspective on the self though, as there's a lot more going on than just motivation. motivation inspires *action* -- and as funny as it sounds, *action* isn't actually the primary way which we navigate our reality. *perception* is actually the way we move through reality, because that's fundamental to action. a simple example is I decide I want to go right, but because I'm looking at it upside-down, I'm actually going left. everything can be anything that you can want it to be if you learn to perceive it in the way that *you* want it to be -- and so therefore, "knowing thyself" (for me anyway) is more about understanding how I want to perceive things.
	as an example on this, I like to perceive things in their "worst" possible way. that's something that I've done ever since as long as I can remember. I'm always anticipating the worst, seeing the most evil and malevolent possible realities in the one that I'm living -- and so I've grown accustomed to the idea that things are often far worse than they appear on the surface. I also have a strong distrust for nearly everyone. I want to believe what they say, but something deep down (and a lot of experience to back it up), tells me that *people are not the way they appear* -- just cause a person *looks* or *acts* (appearance and action are both symbolic) a certain way, does not mean that's *who they are*. it goes both ways: a person doing something terrible usually has really good motive, and in their eyes, that action is justified (in their perspective), and they are (in a sense) "doing their best" to make their world what they want it to be; and likewise a person doing something really good, does not mean that their intentions for doing that good thing are actually good -- they could be performing a nice deed to cover up for a bad deed, or maybe to try and build rapport. the label isn't always right, and it's even often times mislabeled on purpose. though I'm quite nieve and like to believe everything everyone tells m5 or shows me, my favvourite pastime is to try and find the worst in them. I'm quite a sinister person in that sense, and the way I get around my blatent pessimism is to constantly feel good about myself, and just let everyone else make the choice about what awful stuff they want to do all the time. I like to feel good, and don't want to feel like they do -- so therefore, I tend to interact with people more in a feeling way than I do in a symbolic way, because symbolically, I tend to show them my pessimism. drugs help me a lot with symbolic interactions because they help me to look past all of my pessimism and scorn, and interact with them symboically in a positive way.
figure yourself out, and find out what it is that you like and want, how those things feel, and how to make more of that feeling. nobody is going to tell you those things, and m/ experience is actually if someone knows what I want and what things feel good to me, they're interested not in helping me to see/realise it, but instead they'll prolly want to use it to their advantage in some way. **you have to figure yourself out**. you are a puzzle, and if you get yourself figured out (and actually use your own self-understanding), the result is enlightenment ("I've figured it out how reality works because I've figured out how I work") because inside-reality is a reflection of outside-reality. sometimes conditions are the way to get to the goal, but it's short-lived and conditional, so try and find out how to *unconditionally* get to that goal (of whatever you *know* it to be). 

### 2024-03-22 13:11 - can I define paranoia vs fear?

I've been using the term "paranoia" a little bit more lately. the way that I see it is that fear is *attraction* (I'm focusing on and wanting this bad thing to happen to me), and paranoia as *symbolic* (these are the conditions that I perceive, which then means something to me).
paranoia can lead to fear (when the meaning/inplication of the conditions is something I don't want to happen), and fear can lead to paranoia as well (when the thing I fear/desire to happen lead me to perceive the symbolic conditions to match my fear). usually they both come side-by-side, and for most people they're indistinguishable. I'm quite perceptive though, so I essentially have paranoia all of the time -- which makes life very difficult to operate (I need to either control the conditions or run away from them), so I've had a difficult time in various parts of my life becasuse of my paranoia. however, I don't experience much fear anymore, because I've recognised that all of those terrible thingss that I can perceive have been around (in the general sense of the pattern) for a long time, and there's also nothing I can do about them either. I have to just let it be. I can't solve anyone else's problems, or change any large systems.
	in fact, recently with my [thinking about being on pluto](#2024-03-19-2136---why-do-i-think-im-on-pluto), it wasn't until then that I realised that this idea that reality works differently in different people's forms of perception (of which the planets are the most promininant/congealed forms of perception). if I wanted to change a lot of my paranoias, I would have to eject or completely reform entire planets in the solar system, change how all corporations work, m6ney, the astral system (which the star uses), all forms of religion, etc. -- and that's just not going to happen -- ever.

### 2024-03-27 11:03 - what is the u-dimension?

it's the dimension that is coming toward *you*. everything, in every moment always has this dimension, though it's usually not seen, but *felt*. no matter how many dimensions you see, this extra dimension can always be found, because it's a *perceived* dimension, and not a real geometrical one (though, I believe it can be measured). AFAIK, the dimension can only be perceived by two people with a vibration that has standing-waves which are similar (more on that soon).
now, to explain how to see this extra dimension, let's imagine a point floating in space in front of you. tilt your head or move your perspective just a tiny amount, and you may notice that the point is actually a line, where it's depth is heading off in the direction toward/away from you.
now, turn the line so that it's flat (perpendicular to you) going either left-right or up-down. it's just a line, right? well, again tilt your head or move your perspective again and notice that it's not a line, but actually a flat plane that extends off into the distance, where the depth of the plane was hiding behind the line, in the space exactly toward/away from you.
turn the plane and limit its size now, so that it appears as a square hovering right in front of you, and again tilt your head or move your perspective and notice that the square is not actually a square, but a cube -- and again, the depth of this cube was just hiding in the space between/behind you and the square.
the same thing can be done for the cube, but here, I would imagine that it's going to start to become more difficult to visualise, because at this point, the three spatial dimensions are all used up. what happened for me when I first discovered this, is that there *is* another dimension between me and the cube (which I'm calling the u-dimension), and this space opened up for me between me and the cube. it's a literal space in which any mental object (ie, the symbolic manifestation of a concept, like something in a dream) can be projected into this space and interacted with as if it were real and tangible.
	reading tesla's autobiography, it's clear that this is the technique he used to visualise and interact with his motors. there's also evidence of it in plain sight, like for example in the bible paul says that knowing the love of christ, we can know the height, width, breadth, and depth of God's love (wide, long, high, and deep = 4 dimensions, not 3). the templars also talked about this extra dimension, and a few other esoteric places.
further transformations are certainly possible, and I've worked them out elsewhere, but the brief of it is that once I'm already able to see the space between me and what I'm looking at, the only further space now must come toward/away from you in all directions, which gives the ability to see outward in all directions, and also inward in all directions. to try this, conjure a concept in the centre of your head, and then look for that space between you and the concept, and you'll notice that, not only can you perceive the concept from all angles at a time (outside-in - sorta like perceiving a hologram in all of its entirety), not only can you look outward from the concept and perceive what it is which is making the concept be perceived that way (inside-out) -- which is how the sun perceives all things around it -- which is why I believe this form of perception (and the u-dimensions below it are called "astral" -- meaning, "from the stars").

### 2024-03-27 11:36 - if I'm so good at "seeing" things, why don't I just (...)?

I'm often times limited by my own capacity to recognise things -- meaning, that if it's something that I've never felt before, then I have to allow similar things to come into my life so that I can have an experience at seeing them and get to know how they feel. once I've gotten accustomed to how a similar thing feels, then I can begin to start to recognise it. for example, let's say that I notice someone's behaviour is strange, so I tune into them to see how they feel. let's say I don't recognise right off the emotion that they feel, but I may be reminded of a song, or of another person that felt similarly, and getting those bits of data together, I can start to get a general sense of that emotion the other person feels. it's all 100% relative, so there's no real anchor that I have to go by other than myself and past things I've felt, which again are all relative. the process is a very "fuzzy" process, in determining what something is, because of all of the uncertainty. after a while though (much like a child growing up), certain emotions can be "definitely" categorised (mom is definitely angry with me), and those emotions form the basis for how we begin to percceive life. (long before a child begins to see, they *feel* their world -- and it's from that *feeling* they use to begin making pictures out of what they feel in their eyes -- and from there, it becomes more and more symbolic and concrete).
the other thing that's kinda difficult are spatial things: it's hard to "feel* shapes, though, I will say that a cube does feel a lot different from an octahedron -- and one mountain range from another, but I only being able to feel one mountain range, it'd be sorta difficult to draw it having only felt it (details would come out a bit different, because I may be able to get the peaks in sorta similar locations, the shape and contour of the mountain would require a considerable amount of extra effort, though not impossible). or, let's say that someone drove me into the giza platau and said, OK, can you feel where all of the underground passages are? I'd say, "nope, not really -- it feels like a bunch of limestone to me". given enough time, I would probably be able to identify the difference between granite and limestone in its feeling, and projecting my consciousness into various parts, I could learn to feel if there's space, granite or limestone -- but again the process would be somewhat difficult, and would require a lot of work on my part. I believe that a machine could do the same thing that I do, with far greater accuracy, and also be able to get more precise dimensions and shapes of the materials than I could. it's not impossible though, as it's sorta like water dowsing, one could also (with increased accuracy) gain the sensitivity to do granite dowsing (granite feels more similar to sand and linemstone than water feels to dirt or stone). again, it's all possible, but it just takes a bit of effort to accomplish a recognition with the feeling.
the final difficulty is one of quantities (especailly in space). one is pretty easy, two is sorta easy (especially if they're diffrent in some way), three is where they all start to blend together, and beyond that, it's sorta like a gradient, where I stop seeing individual items, and only see trends, tendencies, and abstract things like that. again, I suppose that increased accuracy could get around it, because for example, I imagine that if I were to be around a bunch of very different things (like people), not only would the group have a feel to it, but each individual (and groups of similar individuals) could be learned to distinguished from the group as well (though if I've never felt or been around them before, only the notable ones/things/groups stand out as being different, and so it would take effort to discover their individual differences).
you may notice the similarity of my "seeing" to "remote viewing" -- which is why I've called it in the past "conceptual viewing" -- but I sorta dropped the term, because it sorta obfuscates what's happening. the process I do builds a feeling, and then it's that feeling which produce an image for a "remote viewer" to see. I never see the image, so I don't have the brain's incredible capacity to recognise similar feelings and produce a symbolic representation of that feeling so rapidly -- and so therefore it takes me a lot longer to recognise what I'm "seeing" -- but once I've figured it out, being able to recognise that feeling becomes instant, whereas a remote viewer will have to look at the image each time and figure out what it is they're looking at. I don't have that symbolic delay of image display, then recognition, and can recognise something instantly once I've gotten used to it.

### can I explain how random number generators interact with the saturnian-system?
### what do I mean by "unbalanced equation"
### can I explain this antarctica thing?
### can I explain the 2nd-ray installation?
### does obedience trump my emotion?
