# shakespere-in-a-nutshell

### 2023-12-24 09:15 - connecting a lot of pieces together

each play has *ultra suggestive* language that describes pretty young girls losing their virginity; and an extreme emphasis on the visuals that the man will acquire from her "loving eye". the entire play is very visual, and very targetted to the vulcans. I'm watching love's labours' lost, and (btw this is a total tragedy from inside-out perspective) the proposition is that these guys "give up their books" and try out one of these young virgin women, instead.
at this point, it's possible to go into two directions: (I'll go both), that mars is building up the imaginations of these enkidu to "fall down" into physicality. they get so enamoured with them visually, they simply cannot help theirselves, as their desire for phsicality is great. this sudden apparition of these vulcans on to planet earth, is essentially the bronze-age-collapse in a nutshell, as well. they build up some big narrative with a bunch of desiarable stuff: plunder, women, etc. -- but mostly women. the women are just the bait that the earth has to get these guys to show up. mars is just the salesman (not salesperson). he's advertising that they fall into physicality, and not remain in their imaginations for a while. it's kinda a bait though, because as love always is, it's not predictable, and so all emotions that resonate get amplified, so that the initial glow when her sexual eyes are opened, evntually wears off to the mundane reality which doesn't feel quite the same. romance is supposed to keep her pumped up about these guys, but that's a losing battle, because there are only so many ways that someone unwilling to improve can be laughed at or excused for his behaviour. what's worse, is we try to maintain all of these awful ideas like everyone, always is automatically born a sinner, and need punishment already from day one, etc.
the other way I forgot now. let me see if I czn rhemember it. there ix an extreme emphasis on the visuals that the man will acquire from these young virgins... ah yes: now it's possible to perceive that from the feminine side of things, it's a competition, and since there's such little good catches out there, this is sort of a fixer-upper sort of idea: they now have something to improve that's outside of them. these romances are a giant excuse to say that bad and lustful behaviour is all just fine, and that the women actually like the extra problems that men bring. behind that outer facade is the underlying motivation: girls are extremely way better than men are at most everything -- but they're so busy looking outside of theirselves (needing men, etc.) they never realise their potential. so, to avoid a society with a bunch of very powerful women, teach them to look outside of theirselves and enjoy the fixer-uppers. it's a peevish circle, that one.

#### 2023-12-24 09:36 - ever heard of kickbacks?

what's happenining here is that mars is firing up all of these enkidu to get ready and go down into physical, where they're going to tear the place up looking for these girls, but mars is going with them, so he's narrating his setup too: how many virgins does he want? what's his retinue and status going to look like? when setting up a new kingdom, it's important to already have the media blitz already at full blast.

#### 2023-12-24 09:40 - each play encodes different behavioural expectations

a tragedy will display unwanted behavioural qualities, as for example any vulcan that behaves reflectively (like parolles), is made out to be really awul; same with the women. these are always the cutthroat ones (reflecting of course their awful significant other) and so when they reflect the awful parts of the bad-guy, then they're blamed, because of their *behaviour*. it teaches women (and vulcan/rosalind alike) what they're supposed to like, and what how they're supposed act, and what things need to be reacted to. basic society building for monkeys: poet apes.

### 2023-12-30 04:22 - shkespere and the new world

one of the theories that I have hanging around is that shakespere was actually writing (some?) of his plays, not in london, as is commonly thought, but actually from the "new world" (pre-colonial united states). I'll skip over my reasons (for now) and let the reader do some investigation into the idea: the phonecians knew about the new-world for quite a long time, and there's pretty dramatic evidence that the michigan copper mines fueled the "bronze age" with countless tons of copper. anyway, also there are other obvious evidences like "phonecian" just meaning "red skins" and stuff like that. therefore, it's pretty easy to draw the connections and know that the british monarchs and elites knew about the new-world, long before shakespere arrived on the scene.
the bigger-picture for me goes something like this: about 400ya, there was much higher solar/earth output (very similar to nowadays), and during this time the british actually became quite strong (or, it could be said that the earth, "our lady" decided to mix things up a bit): what I think probably happening is a series of narratives that caming from the pen of shakespeare and various others (lope de vega, etc.), as narratives that would alter the course of history. one such event was the english defeat of the spanish armada, and another is rene de carte (who strangely resonates with a number of shakespere characters), and of course the numerous narratives about ferdinand (the spanish monarch and poet ape) and katherine, along a few others (prince arthur also resonates with romeo). these all add up to the world taking a completely new direction, and the director of that direction is mars.
	mars is an interesting character, because (in my system), mars is of earthen qualities (XX male), yet is confined/shaped to the form of the narrated strong/assertive masculine form (thoth/mercury). the difference between the two is the following: thoth/mercury/paris has to follow the narrative (which corresponds strongly to astrology: their destiny is determined by the gods, and the waxing/waning of each celestial body has a strong effect on these narrated 7th ray robots); so if it's a battle scene, and many greeks (for example) are determined by the planets/gods to have an unfavourable position because of their time and place of birth, then the battle goes poorly and they suffer heavy losses. likewise, if some amount of men are narrated to be a super hunk, the correct amount of mercuries will be born to satisfy the narrative; and a number of men are narrated to be loathsome losers, those mercuries will also be born to fit the narrative. mercury is basically just a robot (not really much different from mars), but mercury is bound by the (astro(theo)logical) narrative. mars, in contrast is not bound by the narrative (destiny as determined by the gods/planets) because he's pure *reaction*. reaction means reflector, which means that mars has a difficult time choosing beteen the narrative reaction (charactor/actor) and the reflective reaction (foil/centre reaction), and that's something that he has to choose for himself what he wants.
the top-most mars commands many subordinate mars (by believing they're all fighting on the same team: fighting to establish "a new land/country/world order" of their desire). mars' fault is his profoundity/range of perspective: if he can only see his country, then the faction he's bringing together is his country; howver, if mars globalises (as seen in the "world wars"), then his perspective now tells him that he must subdue all of that now (everything he can see, must come into alignment with his ideals). therefore mars really enjoys much longer depth of perception/eyes than most other men, because that gives him more outlook, insight, and options on what to choose to subdue, and how to go about it in the most efficient and effective means possible (btw, these descriptions of mars are purposefully antiquated, as nowadays conquering and subduing has more to do with symbolic software and technology). the subordinate mars are all pretty similar (made of the the earth), and their only differences come as a reflection of their upbringing, early childhood influences, and the culture/society/family they grow up in; other than that, it's all the same robot and some of them are a reflection of mars (the planet), and some a reflection of earth (the star). therefore, one of mars (in top-most position) most primary concern is to produce a society (which reaches to the extent of his perception) that is capable of understanding mars, so that he can be with other fellow soldiers of similar mind. the fastest way to do this is to increase *technology*, most notably in the form of communication (the gutenburg-galaxy), and also to create content for these new technologies (bible, poetry, plays, literature, software, etc.) with these new technologes, the younger earth boys will grow up immersed in these new symbolic worlds, and that allows for earth's perception (as a collective whole) to shift,-- as our lady desires it.
	there is a feedback loop occuring between these different symbolic systems: narrative mandates that mercury shows up (cause he's no mars), but mars has to figure out he's not narrated, but instead reality is a reflection of his mind. what he believes is what he gets, so what ends up happening after some time (cough!) is that he wrights another symbolic narrative, which then produces more mars (the ones that don't fit into the narrative) and also more mercury. (the same goes for aphrodite and venus as well) in a general sense most of the narrative attracting mars comes from the vulcans (cause they're usually the ones narrating someone/something external which will fill the missing bit in their heart). in this case, when this happens, vulcan summons mars, not as the physical form as described, but as the one who can accompliah the feeling they expect to get from him. one such example, I believe can be clearly seen in adolf. the vulcans narrated this superman to show up and establish their faction as superior with the use of force and warfare; so it happened. vulcan realised that may not have been exactly what they wanted, so back to the narrative storyboard to produce another one -- and each time mars shows up, he realises their narrative is a bunch of bunk. mars is supposed to *react* to the situation in the moment, not follow some plan, shedule, or pre-ordianed working-out; so he bails at the end and does something different. vulcan never can produce a narrative for mars that he'll like, and mars can never produce a symbolic reality which vulcan feels comfortable, safe, and secure enough -- so conflict and factioning continues endlessly. wecome to earth, where change is infinite.
one of the patterns that I noticed about the narrative mars, is that he's usually writing from the location/place which will become the new destination for all of the narrative vulcans. to explain, let's just assume that shakespere was in the new world when writing the narrative: well, then that's where all of the narrative vulcans go to, and eventally hollywood california (the newest part of the new world) is established. then, (skipping over a few) let's assume that adolf did peace out to antartica at the end of WW2, and started his narrative (post-WW2-propaganda), and that had a strange effect on a lot of things, because it basically made a whole lot of subjects that the nazis where into, now suddenly taboo and covered up and kept secret. well, you know what fires up vulcan's motor right: taboo and secret stuff (same with tesla's secrecy too btw). there's no doubt in my mind that those subjects were heavily researched and many things the vulcans figured out looking into those hidden/secret places.
	now comes a time when I'm in a position very much similar to the one that shakespere was in. to make the simile, I'm shakespere in the new-world writing a bunch of stuff, when there's another shakespere out there (probably dudly-do-right) that actually lived in london and was interacting with all of the vulcan fans, disseminating his narrative. I'm pretty sure I have an (or many) alternate (narrated) versions of myself: a personal thoth, who's out there pretending to be me, in manner and form following, but he isn't me, and he isn't actually producing the stuff I'm producing, because what I produce is a reflection of my *perception*, which is *conceptual*, and thoth is all about action, and symbol (manner), and how it looks in the imagination (form), so he's not really doing anything except for going through the motions: copying me, like a parrot learning to repeat a sound/symbol, but having no concept of its meaning.
if indeed adolf went to antarctica, then that's probably where the vulcans went afterward, which means that's probably where I am too: the inner-earth/underworld. there's this strange thing in my narrative about lyra/vega and the poet-ape coming/going from/to there. there's quite a possibility that's actually the location of the next new-world (or new-earth in some places), which will likely be the next location that the vulcans swarm to, to write their new narrative which will correct all of mars faults of manner/form, and attempt to narrate those of the old-world, fix up all the saftety problems from mars' wreckless love/behaviour, and make all the chaos from the flourishing of the arts: regular, predictable and boring (including the art itself). then, when the people tire of regululated, predictable, and boring narrative again, a new mars will show up and prove the power of desire over safety and shame, once again :)
