# the-comedy-of-errors

### 2023-10-18 00:43 - thoughts

I just finished watching the comedy of errors, and this is the symbolic takeaway from it:
- the twins are the same person, but one is spirit/concept and the other is flesh.
- luciana is the earth and adriana is venus
- dromio (who is kindof an ass) is no romeo
- dromio gets stuck with being married to the earth (which is why luciana also likes him)
- one of the twins ends up with venus, and the other with earth
- the twins likely represent adam/mars and saturn/dumuzi: -- the gemini
- dromios are vulcans. it seems that one is more feminine than the other, which is why when they fall in love with each other at the end (soul-mates), they go hand in hand (equals), not one in front of the other (gays).
- one of the twins is played by a vulcan/ass, and the other is not.
the problem arises here now my difficulty in understanding the symbology here, because in one of the cases luciana, she is clearly the earth (-1), but I didn't understand the symbology. here is how it should be: all the vulcans are a reflection of the earth (and the different desires in it), expressed into people form, which will attract the things that the earth desires. they (both male and female) attract the mars that they want to see, and he (the lighter his witt), is more of a reflection of them, their ideal mate -- but their perfectt reflection of their own desire is inhibited by the language that we speak, and the roles that we assume (preventing open communication), and so therefore we attract the thing, but it's full apparition isn't possible meanwhilst society has a stupid system that's trying to prevent it. adam/mars (the desired hero) appears in the form that the social system can understand. he's then trained in the social system, and if that system says that men should be gluttons and pigs, then that's what he is; if the system asks for a take-charge warrior, then that's what he is: dromio's saviour.
  the stupid system that society enforces is run by saturn/time/dumuzi, and he (saturn) is a replica/twin of the earth/adam, and his job is to make more vulcans, which are desiring of more saturn/adam.
  the problem with progress and improvement, is that at some point there won't be any more vulcans for dumuzi, and so this play is about the ultimate fear of dumizi is that there won't be any more bottoms for him to boost, cause they all went straight or found their soul-mates
    the reason why there's a mars for every vulcan is because inana/earth is a reflector, which causes desire to splits into opposite sides (just look at me for example), where one likes the other, but there's a lot of crap in the way before their meeting (obstacles and stuff), and so it's the navigation of these obstacles (their desire for one another) which finally beings father to sun, and sun to father coming to meet again.
      what's happening here is best explained visually: imagine 2 stars that reallly like each other, and they're attracted one to another, but there are all these things in the way (like other stars, and lots of plasma (like air resistance) which is preventing their getting to each other)
      I mean, like pockets of hot in cold water, different density and energy patterns are between the stars, which are kinda like structures in time/space that (for example) prevent me from passing through the chair or putting my hand through the table. like hott in cold water, they're like magnetic bubbles of different frequency and orientation (like dense clouds), which prevent easy motion through it. all mediums have these high/low density parts, which provide resistance through the medium. for the stars (and the humans they represent), all those bubbles/structures in space are mental barriers, for if a star really wanted to be with another star on the other side of the galaxy, it has to find its way there. the pockets are their mental ideas about their separation made manifest in plasma structures -- just like humans navigating time.
    saturn is trying his best to keep two stars from reuniting, because it upsets the structure he has setup in society to keep the vulcans still wanting a earth/mars instead of an earth/maiden.
  the vulcans are locked in the prison of their own imagination, because saturn is a copy of earth/mars, and so regulates the creation of entities which will maintain his structure.
the other difficulty I have here is in the recognition of the twins, because I am clearly only *one* of the twins (not sure which one -- oh the blonde bearded one) -- OH, so that would mean I'm stationed on venus then, huh. weird, but that's ... anyway, I don't want to be the other me, and I'm totally fine that there are so many vulcans out there that are living it up in derivatives of my timeline.
  you know it's kinda funny to me though because I do all of the work to get to the end (or whatever it is), and then they just cash in on it, being able to live out their own imaginary/alternate version of my timeline (governed by saturn, of course), but they got there the easy way, and haven't actually "earned(?)" that manifestation; like, they didn't do any of the work of feeling good to get there, and so then they just jump into these good-feeling manifestations without actually being the charactor, they're just actors, which eventually everything falls apart (tragedy strikes), because they didn't have the character to navigate TIME. saturn loves posers, cause he too is one. I just think it's funny. for me, it's a good laugh... that poor girl (the earth), she fell for such a loser and she didn't know it, because language and our social-conceptual framework covers over all of the errors, and she's oblivious to them, because she's been taught that this is romantic, and that is what she wants -- and it's just a big act that all these vulcans put on to get the perfect girl which will fulfill them. she doesn't of course, that's why he needs mars.
so here's the deal: if the twins are also rerepsentative of the two hemispheres of my brain/earth, then there's also an interesting laterality to the earth in how it encounters itself (this can be seen by the two different twins): because one side sees things one way (throug symbol and concept (3-5) and the other through desire and physical (1-7). the difficulty is that the two are constantly taking one from another. one twin gets gold chains handed to him, a new wife, her sister also liking him, etc (desire), and the other is quite concerned with how everything is structured and keeping good esteem for himself. what happens, is that these switch around and so for example, notice how important it is in east europe and asia it is to be well-esteemed (cept of course the bad-guys), and contrast that to west europe and the americas. though there's a gradiant, I notice a lot more tradition in the east side of things vs the west. there are always free agents (like thoughts or concepts in the mind) which will try and bring tradition and structure to the west, and it's just like how different concepts are passed from one side of the brain to the other -- and sometimes they manifest as real actual people, organisations and groups (mostly run by vulcans), designed to set into motion the manifestation of that concept/desire/structure/tradition into the earth/brain.
therefore, we can consider that the twins can easily be seen as two parts of a person: I relate to this strongly because I'm a desire person, very similar to the earth, so there's one part of me that just wants something, and it just shows up (the adam/vulcan that I desire), but to actualise that desire into my reality, I fight with the process/structure that I believe is necessary for it to appear.
  all vulcans and mars are like this, which is why narrative is so important, because it allows us to suspend our beliefs (about how reality works), and the guy guts the girl at the end, because the story said so, and I'm like (or can pretend to be like) the character in the story.
in reality, no narrative is necessary to present one with the vulcan/mars of their desire, because he/she can just come right in, and she'll be encoded with the exact narrative of expectation. of course that narrative gets tested in reality, which is where all the folly comes to bear; but that's no worry, just write a better narrative: one where we all live happily evvere after. which, also doesn't work.
  the problem and the reason why we have this comedy of errors inside of the brain and also on earth, is for faulty communication. every mishap in time could be avoided with better communication, but saturn/time doesn't want that, because that would total annihilation if one actually gets their desire (ie, if the two stars/concepts in the galaxy/brain, actually reach each other and *IMPACT* (have sex/conflict)), then it's highly destructive: like the aryans sweeping across the earth, total replacement of social and conceptual structures of how society is to operate. this constant change that saturn/earth is doing is perpetual confusion of communication, to ensure that a concept never aligns fully with its desire. when that happens, big boom boom, and saturninus is gone.
that being said, there is a potentiality for things to go the opposite way for saturn, and he definitely *does* **not** *want* **that**, which is when his own structure falls down, and he lacks the ability to remain in full control of our communications. saturn has to (and it's also the earth's desire) continually be able to remain on top of our ability to perceive outside too far, because that would be the end of all things, and we all (the entire universe will switch with the inner, where we'll fashion for ourselves our own new universe: one that we want to live in, and where saturn stays in charge (he's gatta stay on top)).
  when things invert like that, once again it will be like "the days of yore" -- the mythical era: atlantis, lemuria, garden of eden, etc. -- where the earth was plenty, and all things desired could be obtained, a sort of extended fairyland, but instead of being only like a few continents on earth battling it out, it'll be galaxies and galaxies (like bands of raiders or a football game) go conflicting and colliding with each other in a warlike way, each to prove their way is the right way -- when obviously (when looking at it frequentially) its just a bunch of similar resonating concepts attracted to one another, but before they can finally become one, they have to constantly battle (symbolically) in order to cull the weak/different minded ones so they can unite and become one. anyway, this warring is "endless", until one day the new universe is created, and they find themselves living in a world of their own concepts: everything they hated is coming after them, because now they've switched from symbolic/conceptual to the physical/desire reality (much like the two twins/hemispheres of earth/brain): when going out to physical, saturn (of the underworld) is no longer a threat, because now I'm attracting everything I narrated in the underworld, but without saturn to block it now, all of my fears/desires (ie, the new universe) is inevitable.
in order to prevent such a disaster (for dumuzi), he may try to keep a hold on the symbolic system until (I -- that is whomever has universal perception, ie those that believe/understand that it's all desire/attraction -- so many of us, it'll be) I (in the form of saturn/earth) am no longer able to symbolically prevent the manifestation, and attracting what I want. what I think could happen, is to delay that from happening, it's likely that narrative will be employed to maintain control (cause he's always got to be on top), here is my enumeration of the symbols laid out in this play:
- the play cited that the twins were separated for 25 or 33y.
- the play invokes that vulcan (male or female) will either marry the earth (aphrodite/mars) or their opposite vulcan (soul-mate).
I actually forgot the rest and nothing is coming to me now... Ill read it eventually, but for now I'm done.
