# the-tick

### 2024-01-30 23:26 - the depths of the mind

one of the strange things that fwh told me (and he really shaped my trajettory) is that it doesn't mattr the quantity of drugs one takes, consciousness remains more predominant than the drug -- in fact, the image was something like som5one that has massive amounts of perception, and the drug was like this sort of minor inconenience, more than anything.	the reason why that happens is because at some point the drug looses its usefulness. I can get better effects sober with the power of my mind. soo, on my way to complete sobriety, I like to explore the outer reaches of the mind. what that image inspired in me was this idea that my body is so respondant to who I think I am, I just have to find a way to get back to that visage. for me, project-superman became this thing where I can just make my body feel the way I want it to feel, and it defies the rules of this symbolic environment -- because in the project-superman realm, consciousness is fundamental: who do "I" think *I* am? based on what conditions, and what is the spell for the remedy. for andy, he just went to his happy zone with like healing pools and stuff, and that was how he could see himself getting better -- because obviously *healing* pools, will heal you. it works cause the mind says it works -- which is the spell telling the spell what to do.
anyway, the whole thing for me essentially has pre-disposed to the idea of going really far out into the mind. it's the only real way to gain the kind of m5ntal footwork necessary to approach the --- backwards: the drug experience propares me to operate at higher speeds effectively. it's not a one-shot miracle drug: alchemy isn't a f'ing rpg; one hit doesn't do the whole job, because it's a constant proccess of improvement. the drug has a sort of built in safe-ty mechanism, which is tollerance: after some limit (im9osed by ourselves, of course). at that point, it's definitely necessary to transition into a implementation -- but the implementation (for me anyway), is never sudden. I usually can't really remember the experience, and alomst all of the great ideas I had, I prolly won't remember the words anymore, but someone else does. someone else loged it, put some thought into them, and wondered what the hell I was saying. that's awesome for me because I have the benebit of not having to remember the words, but the conceptt remains with me. I will then see the concept come up again in a later time, but it'll be in a diffreent context, or even something with quite a bit of distance in terms of academic domain, but it remains that I'm able to spot the concept from the stone, and kinda re-remember it again in the new context.
	the reason why that's nice is that I don't need to have such a concrete memory. I remember history in strange ways -- but for me they're perfectly valid and also mose probable timeline as well. in that sense, I win;--- because nobody caan really tell me I can't look at history that way, cause there's no definite proof that it was *one certain* and *very defined* way, over another way/timeline. it can be any/either -- and so to write history books, is to kinda a soul's hyper-territorialism and exclusive-perks form of manifesting itself: "sorry here (cause of our history books), we only accept souls that are similar to our history". to be fully inclusive, and to allow anyone and every soul out there to incarnate here, is to remove a definite timeline for ourselves in history books.
		actually, that's kinda pretty good idea, because instead of having to make our society multi-temporal, we instead let our past/future be multi-temporal, allowing anyone to incarnate, and stay linear-temporal: every dude, has his own (his)story.
	the other reason why it's nice is because conceptually I'm crowd sourceing more and more people to evolve my concept at a higher rate, and add in their information to it in the form of a reaction. then when I return to the concept again, I have to go find it again, cause it's rarely where I last left it.
		by then, it's become something far more ideal thn it previously was -- always an improvement on whatever it was.
		[wow, wait so this is the-tick's character? I started out going on about taking more and more heroic of doses as a way to find really crazy ideas, because improvement is infinite, and since my job is basically to give everyone what they want, why not just translate thoughts from more and more abstract places. I don't really lose consciousness anymore like I used to, so it's quite probable that the limits are infinite.]
	I actually have viewed a lot of this psychedellics to be a part of my perfection process. terence always said, they are like a mirror: they show you yourself. realising oneself from an imperfect reflection through a chemical vibration that is not native to my own.
		like I've done enough drugs to have noticed how different things affect the drug experience, and even small things like placement (in reference to other energetic objects) of where they're stored, has an effect on the drug.
	the imperfect reflection always creates something new. it's the fastest way to evolve concepts we have of ourselves -- because it's basically running a fuzzer on the brain, hitting a spectrum of concepts -- and some Of those aren't actually me. they're just stupid things that were stored in the brain, or where implanted there by something external (ie, still attracted).
		these atrtificially induced stimulations can only activate if for whatever reason I resonate with that idea in some way. then, let's say that the effect worsens: well it's because I believed it, and turned the concept that got activated into a symbolic set of conditions for how reality works.
		these stimulations are always going to reflect how I *relate* to that feeling: does that feeling also resonate with other feelings which I "know" about (ie, believe). so, what happens is that we the drug experience (probably only of serotonin-like receptors, cause ketamine seems to be different) is just a broad spectrum emitter, which is only resonating with things in our mind/DNA/gut/???, stimulates those concepts (ie, the hydrogen in the brain), and when those concepts are activated, my symbolic brain interprets them into reality.
		drugs narrate to us what we think of the concepts which resonate with their spectrum.
	I like that I'm constantly having my reality feel like it's constantly falling apart. I've kinda grown accustomed to it, and because it provides me with so much growth, I tend to encourage it now. kenny really is a host to many parasites.
so what I've commonly expected to do, since a very young age, is to "perfect" myself. that is: to make a better version of myself.
	every iteration comes as a reflection of its environment (so for example, version 1 prolly isn't going to run in the same environment as version 100 (genetically speaking, not software/symbolically speaking)), so what ends up happening is that it's a "perfect" solution to all of the known problems of the environment (OF THAT TIME): it has the best fitness (ie, thrives), in its environment -- which being such a good specimin, will soon get taken advantage of by the annoying insect meglomaniacs (ie, the-tick) to create a new envorment where my "perfect" model is once again reduced in capacity, and the users of that body get sujected to *time*. eventually it wants an upgrade again (cause time fell down and crashed again), so I have to come again and make another "perfect" model -- which the-ticks go to try and find a way to reduce its capacity again, resulting in another "perfect" model. you would have thought I'd have figured it out by now, but I guess I keep failing at getting to be what it says it is: perfect; sales and marketing at it's peak.
so, it would be my pleasure to go and make a new more awesome model with drugs. the goal (ie, the point) is to make the drug experience feel normal or even boring. like it's just not interesting -- then it's implementation time -- but implementation doesn't come on suddenly, because the ideas come back to me over time because I don't remember them as they were, so I experience them as new again as they resonate with me **now**.
