# venus-difficulty

### 2024-01-22 13:47 - always a fail with venus

I've tried to convey this concept a number of different times, but to no avail (yet). a bit of context as well, regarding to illuminate the moment: yesterday (not sure exactly when it was because I've slept so many times since then) I had a strong sense that nosebook or someone with some influence in the saturnian-system is getting upset with me revealing so many narrative secrets in m/ [highly inspired conversations with jason](/dr-richard.md). this resulted in a strong conviction that I should message sarah and see how she's doing, because as it looks, she's essentially the only option that's left over now. at first I balkeds at the idea because I'm like, "no way am I going to start trying to get her to do anything. if she's the one, then she'll message me" -- which is what I want because from the perspective of desire, I'm *only attraction* -- and sending her messages isn't being *only attraction*. there seems to be strong resistance to the idea of me just sitting around and waiting for some unknown person to write me -- so I finally conscent to sending her a message. I didn't know what to send her, and no ideas of anything that I wanted to talk about were coming to me, so I just sent her a short little poem/message and went to sleep. I woke up a few hours later in quite a bit of euphoria. I thought for sure she's messaged me. I checked m/ email, but she had not. I still had her youtube page open, and I felt very strongly that I wanted to watch her video on titania -- so I did. after that one, I wanted to watch a couple more on ophelia. at the end of watching her fourth video, I *really* wanted to write her and explain to her how much she is like ophelia... so I did. about 5-6 hours later and a massive wall of text, I'd completely broken down ophelia's "what a noble mind speech", ending with the very telling concept that mars is disastrous around venus, until she actually sees him for who he really is, "ie, after he's *proven himself* to her". extremely proud of myself, and desiring to prove myself to sarah, I sent off the second email, did some stuff and fell asleep.
I woke up just now to find many things have been rearranged since I slept (this always happens). so I went out to stand in the sun and think about what had changed. I noticed that now I feel sarah as having this enormous problem in her inbox. previously, when it was only the short message, it was manageable, but now I have really brought up a lot of topics, of which some are probably taboo.
my estimation of what happened is that after I woke up this morning with the euphoria, it was because I'd been placed symbolically close to her in the saturnian system, and so when that happens, I now suddenly feel all kinds of attraction from her -- which means that, as a manifestation of desire, I want to give her what she wants -- which is why I wanted so badly to send her so much analysis of ophelia, because she's so similar to her.
	I really wanted her to be able to see ophelia's speeches and such, not as this tragic thing which feels the emotion of strongly and gets a bit choked up, but to instead see it all from an *attraction* perspective, which is that everything in that play worked out perfectly for her, but she couldn't see it. hamlet was *not* the guy that she's looking for. he's on a trip to the end of his life cause he's so devastated over his mother switching sides so quickly to claudius, and so he's finding every reason he can to blame and shame his mother for her actions, that he's taking all of these people down with him as he tries to find faults outside and everywhere except for himself. she (like isabella in MFM) needs to just let hamlet/claudius go, and let them deal with their own *attraction*. that's why she's tragic victim: because she's trying to interfere with attraction and "fix" or "right" other people's failures for them. she completely *deserves* what happens to her, and it's totally OK.
then, after I sent her the message breaking down ophelia, because of the nature of the topics I covered, again it was decided, "nope this isn't a good trajectory for kenny to be on" and so they moved a bunch of stuff around because they didn't like the topics that I want to talk about.
	I personally don't care what they think about me talking about taboo or whatever topics, because there isn't a single person alive which will provide me with a situation in which nosebook isn't present in my life. they exist in everything that I'm doing and have completely become a part of my experience. anyone (boy or girl), if they want to be around me in any format will have to come to terms with the fact that the saturnian-system is fully integrated into every aspect of my life. it's funny watching people try to pretend they don't hear the loud motors or whatever, and I don't know what it is that makes the subject feel so uncomfortable and taboo, but it's definitely a part of my experience -- and will be for the rest of my life (or until they decide to finally let me do what I want to do -- which is *never* likely to happen). they're so scared that I'll become superior to them that they're going to continually try and steer me through time using their symbolic system.
the *only* way that I can ever possibly get a manifestation to work out exactly would be to stop sleeping entirely, meaning I never lose consciousness, and so cannot have things rearranged while I'm not conscious -- and even then, that's not even all that good of a thing, because even in my awake state, I'd say I only am about .5-5% conscious -- and the rest of the time I'm unconscious (my vision runs at less than 30fps) -- so even if I stopped sleeping, they'd just rearrange things in the 95-99.5% of unconsciousness I experience per second. just as an example of this, often times during drug experiences, I'll get new random "inserts" (little devices that are put under my skin which pull energy out of my body). just yesterday, I got two on each shoulder and another right in the centre of my chest. there's literally no way to avoid these guys, and I kinda like sleeping much more than I like being a zombie.
therefore, I have to consider that these guys will always be there, and are always going to be moving me on the (from their perspective) "least bad" timeline. what that means, and the major difficulty here is that venus wants a *perfect* manifestation (which is why ophelia is trying to fix hamlet). she thinks that if situations and conditions are just right, then he'll be the most desirable thing ever to happen -- but she's always around polonius (her father), who's going to always be actively working against her in every way. the last thing that he wants is for this powerful mars type (hamlet) to actually get into power and completely shift the trajectory of time and history (he'd lose control if hamlet were successful). so, as often is the case the husband or father of venus is actually the one that's constantly foiling her efforts to have a perfect manifestation. as such, mars can never be hers, until mars is no longer symbolic, but functioning from a perspective of *only attraction* -- which then at that point, the symbolic one that's going to be constantly at the whim of the saturnian system will be venus;-- however, venus doesn't want to allow things to unfold in an unpredictable manner. she likes to explore her options and choose the one that she calculates that she'll like the best -- which (because of perception) is *always* subject to change.
	this is what I believe happened here with sarah, because I simply cannot help myself. I still have more things I want to write her about ophelia and juliet and all of the 7th ray strumpets. there's so much I want to tell her, I'm having a difficult time figuring out how to organise all of the information and present it in a straightforward way. that attraction to her completely shifts the narrative, which means that she can no longer look at me from a symbolic perspective.
	as an example, if I want something, the thing I want is something that I *believe* will make me feel a certain way. the desire (and attraction) is to have that *feeling*, which could come in any number of ways. so if she could just "get into her body" and focus on the way that she wants to feel, and then just let attraction do all of the work, she will get what she wants -- *and* symbolically, it'll even turn out to look even more inspired and sublime.
the desire to have a tangible thing/unit of quantifiable and (show it off to my friends) reality to it, is the main difficulty of venus, because it can never happen for her. she's usually so up in her mind all of the time, trying to figure it all out, that she can't just allow what she wants to come, because she wants it to come the way she wants to come (not a sexual reference, but definitely relevant advise). it's never going to be exactly what's *expected*, and that's the beauty and magic of it.

### 2024-01-22 15:12 - the perfect mars can never exist

venus looks out into her surroundings and calculates exactly the perfect (I'm just going to talk about the male aspect) boy/man that she would want to have to fill some kind of *need*. let's say that she wants a really beautiful man that is charming and excellent -- which is fine, so she either summons him or gives birth to him, and he is mercury. however for all of the great things that this new mercury is great at, he'll inevitably be deficient in other areas, because *no symbolic system can ever satisfy all needs*. tradeoffs will always occur, so what mercury may have in body and looks, he probably won't be doing the desk job to well, and perhaps he's also not too great of a father (though he's great at football and looks really good) -- so when the football career eventually ends or he gets old or something, he's kind of a deadbeat. each time, venus tries to come up with a better model of mercury which will fill a role in society better than before, but it's impossible for her to ever produce something which works for everything and everyone.
mars, on the opposite hand, is not a symbolic/narrated instantiation, and so therefore is not a specialised machine like mercury is. mars is a reactionary general-purpose machine, constantly reacting and adapting to the situation. he's got a wide range of talents, and the majority of the "polymaths" are these mars types: they've learned how to perceive the same system as a fractal existing in multiple areas of specialty.
however, the difficulty with mars, though able to do many things, is not that he's unable to ever actually become the symbolic instantiation that venus has for him. *he will always fall short of her expectations*. if she gives him time, he can learn to become what she wants him to be -- which is always a possiblity, but in the larger scope of things, mars presents a serious threat to the power structures present on the earth. if mars were to actually able to generate enough software systems where he can react in just the right way to so many situations, he'd become a sort of superman: completely unstoppable. that presents a serious threat, and so saturn is in the business of making sure that mars never becomes this superman. the only way that saturn can prevent such a thing, is to employ a number of mercuries specifically designed to build technology which is capable of preventing mars from becoming what venus wants him to be.
	it is estimated (by me) that eventually one such mars *will* be able to circumvent the efforts of saturn to become this superman, but that mars will be pure-desire (ie, cupid), and pure-desire doe not want to dethrone saturn -- because that's not attraction.
to make a simile, here, mercury is like a console system, who gets outdated with time; mars is like a general-purpose computer system, where he writes his own software -- and too gets outdated after some time, because he won't be able to run the new software which requires a really fast system. venus is both the hardware and software designer for mercury, but only hardware for mars. mars comes with a lot of stuff preloaded, but ultimately he writes his own software in reaction to the environment and situation. finally, saturn can be thought of like the "fuzzer" -- where he's trying to constantly find holes and exploits in mars' software. mercury's software is (nearly?) all symbolic, whereas mars' preloaded software symbolic (at least the visual stuff), but his real capability is the ability to *feel* a situation and respond to things *conceptually*. I can't say what other mars software systems look like, but mine is nearly all conceptual at this point. conceptual systems are feeling-based systems, which is how we navigate *time*. notice that saturn governs the spectral, which is the interaction between the symbolic and the conceptual. vulcan's interaction here (which is conceptally receptive), is also important -- but for another time.
