# verdan-forest

### setting

the play takes place inside of a large dome, some 50-100 miles in diameter (1-2 days walk from one side to the other). the dome is made of glass or some kind of invisible material -- or if it's not an invisible material, somehow they can see through it. the entire inside of the dome is very lush vegetation, with all kinds of natural structures that the girls have built. it's become kind of like a giant treehouse where the vegetation has grown to quite some heights in some place. surrounding the dome is a very decadant city (something styled after NYC or downtown LA). there are lots of mindless people going about, seemingly uninterested in the girls on the inside (it's possible that they cannot see into the dome). looking out, the sky has a sort of faint yellowish hue to it, and the clouds have a red tint to them. looking up from inside the dome, the sky looks blue, and the air is really fresh. however, as they get closer to the dome barrier so they can see through it, it's obvious that the air outside in the city is not so fresh and nice. because the outer world out there looks so unappealing, and they've never really wanted to go out there. most of the time, they don't even get close enough to see through it, as lots and lots of vegetation has grown up against the dome, and they don't really care to clear it, because it serves as a nice separation from the outer world. the air is crystal clear, and with the power of thought, they can produce rain, running water, fog, etc. -- and they've placed a few nodes to produce water so that they have nice streams and things running through parts that they like. there are small creeks, and rocks, and they've even constructed a large waterfall in a few places.
the girls have been there for as long as they can remember and nobody knows how they got there either. they have about 100 season cycles that they can remember, but and during that time, they've developed quite an intuitive relationship with the nature they're surrounded with. they can lift tress out of the ground and shape them using the power of their mind, to build houses and things. though they can walk and things like that, they use the energy of the trees and plants to move about in a smooth and natural way (it reminds me of the kid navigating the trees and stuff in the jungle book disney movie). their movement is very elegant, and they all really like where they're at, so why try and go outside.
they all maintain a youthful shape and body, with some of them even becoming/appearing younger the more they play, and becoming/appearing older when they work. they don't use or have any technology, because they have no need for it: plants grow very rapidly inside the dome, and the fruit and vegetables are plentiful. they can produce fire by projecting heat into wood or other combustable vegetation, but they don't really do it much at all (mainly for traditional celebrations) because preparation of the food with the mind is so much more nutricious and enjoyable to eat. they've also learned how to carve rocks with their mind, and do basic metallurgy (to build functional and decorative items)

### conflict

over the seasons, they've developed quite a bit of intuition, and can essentially read each others' minds, and some of the older ones can also project their consciousness out of their body. when some of them have done so, they find theirselves out in the city -- where the inhabitants of the city are also capable of seeing them (they appear as giant lightforms), and everyone is generally scared of them. from their minimal efforts to figure out why they're in the dome, it appears that the city that they're surrounded by seems to rely on them as a sort of energy source. they're able to project theirselves into the minds of the city dwellers, and they seem primarily concerned with work, money, status, production units, and cheap pleasures. to the girls, the city dwellers are completely uninteresting because their system is completely built upon producing and performing things that are nothing more than an effortless thought for the girls.
during the last 100 seasons or so, they've mostly kept to theirselves, building and shaping the plants to be the way they want them to be (the picture reminds me a lot of the area I built in the creekbed, covered by blackberry brambles). they don't really have a power structure to them at all, as everyone pretty much does what they want to do, and hangs out with who they want. there isn't any warring at all, but oviously functional groups have formed, which has created a societal structure and social protocol within that structure.

1. one of the girls is struggling with following the code for her group. they have certain ways that they greet and interact with her, and she's kind of an imaginative girl and likes to spend a lot of time in her own mind, and doesn't want to have to greet and follow the protocol as she should. in this story arc, she learns to become selfish and do what she wants to do (which is kind of like going back to their earliest memories). some claim she's living in the past, and others try to rid her of her selfishness.
2. they know that the city dwellers are constantly watching them, but there's nothing they can really do about it, and they don't seem to care either, however one of the girls, while she's taking a bath, notices a light hovering around in the water between her legs, which also seems to be following her movement, as well. she's not sure what the light is. she tries to catch it, but it seems to constantly escape her, and every time that she notices it, it seems to dissapear or to vanish. she's also aware of these other strange floating lights/orbs about her all the time as well, especailly when she's with her friend. it bothers her that she can't seem to get rid of the lights. she's got a pretty good idea that the light is coming from someone in the city, but nobody else (not even her friend) can see the lights. they think she's going a bit strange, and she's mostly concerned with the rest of the girls thinking that she's weird or something.
	- they've had novel adaptations before, and when that's happened, within a season, all of the other girls acquired the same adaptive capability as well, so on one side she feels like she's the lucky one to herald in the new adaptation, but also because it bothers her, she also doesn't want the other girls to get the same capability. her struggle is to keep her ability a secret (and wait for them to get it), or to try to convince the other girls that the lights are a real thing.
3. a few times a year, one girl about 15-50yo (depending on the girl, and her perceived age), a girl will randomly get pregnant. they don't know why it happens or what causes it. however lately the last few births have yielded girls that have become less and less interested in the natural life. they want to do new things.
	- one girl (born 5-10 seasons ago) has decided that she wants to dig into the ground and build a new thing down there (something different from the forest), she imagines fungal caverns of running water and stone architecture with hard edges -- which is quite concerning for some: what if she digs down far enough, she can find a way out of the dome -- and if she does, what will she do? they know the dome extends downward for quite some way, but they're not sure how far, meaning they could be inside of a sphere -- and they can also see that the soil on the other side of the dome is quite sandy and infertile (kinda desert-like)
	- the random births have always produced a girl in the past, so it's pretty expected that it won't be a boy; they know that boys exist/live in the city, but they've never expected or wanted one to be born. a girl wanting a boy to be born could be a tantalising topic (especially in contrast to the recent births of girls that want to do out of the ordinary things)

### dialoge

I'd like to have the format of giving a stage direction for one girl, then the second girl tells the first girl what she just did. I think this could be a good running joke throughout the play, and the girl which is struggling to follow the interaction syntax should say something like, "I don't want to tell everyone else what they're doing!!".
the other thing I'm not sure about is how surreal to make the dialogue, and if there should be excessive sexual innuendo. as an example:
[jane comes running in with a big smile on her face]
audry: you come bearing gifts!
jane: nope!
audry: then what are those?
jane: gifts.
audry: what then?
jane: I haven't came yet.

in contrast to everyone telling the other girl what she just did, is the girls aren't going to have fixed names as is commonly thought. instead, they'll summon each other conceptually. so if I were to want to engage with someone that behaves like a princess, then I would say, "can you my dear loathsome princess, divine me a cup of tea?" -- and the girl that feels inclined to take on that role will do so -- and if nobody does it, then she can react to it according to her 	dispositon: "so, no princesses then" / "I guess they're all gone" or whatever. (still working on this idea). the reason for this is so that everyone inside of the play is constantly being forced to fulfill the symbolic expectations of the other person -- yet when the girls are by theirselves, they act as individuals: "I want to hold you" "I like the way you feel" etc. the group scenes are good for much disaster, which the girls find funny and the constant mistaking is perfect chaos for nice things to happen. (again, still not sure on this idea... it'll evolve)

### character modes

- I want
- I like
- you feel
- (almost never, to intensify the contrast) I feel
- you are

the "I" character modes are reserved for intimate situations, and especially nobody ever talks about their feelings (I feel). the reason for this is to intensify the contrast between the conceptual and the symbolic. feelings are only conveyed in stage directions, to ensure that the conversation remains as symbolic as possible

### imagery

I want to frequently contrast soliloquies and narration of lush and luxurious imagery of the forest,--to be starkly contrasted with highly symbolic and superficial dialogue. the reason for this is devious: marlowe and shakespere employs the same technique where they build up a really big image, only to destroy it right afterward with some toilet humour. the reason, I believe is found in chaos magic: build up a big image, then cause a notable distraction so that the mind forgets the thought because of the distraction and therefore doesn't have time to logically/symbolically doubt it -- and if the mind wants to reconjure the image, it has to go back to it in memory, which is conceptual, and so therefore remembers it slightly different than it was first received.
	btw, this is the same technique that mr-motor uses on me to constantly cause me to forget my good ideas,-- which, for the same reason, the symbolic distraction causes the idea/image to be wrecked and come back at a later time better than it was when it was destroyed

### characters

ana: she's the oldest, and all of the girls descend from her. she's played around and created the in the forest for so much time, most of it is her creation. she likes the running around and having fun, so when she found herself in the forest (she doesn't know, and can't remember how she got there), she was in the form of an adolescent or young adult. she created for a while by herself, but eventually desired to be around others; so, when she got pregnant she was overjoyed. as she gave birth to more girls, a society started to form, which she didn't take much intrest in, so over the years, she's yougered again into the form of a little child. her body now is about that of about a 5yo: she hardly ever wears clothes, and she's usually off doing stuff by herself, or with anyone that will join her. she's the village child, and everyone loves her -- cept when she decides she wants to rework a part of the forest and tears it all out to start over.
jane:
audry:
